Date 17 Apr 2024

TATA IPL 2024 Match 32  GT Vs DC - Match Report


Delhi Capitals DC put in a comprehensive performance on the field to beat the Gujarat Titans GT by six wickets at the Narendra Modi Stadium Ahmedabad. The DC bowlers put in a collective effort to bowl GT out for only 89 and the batters then ensured that they stormed home to their third win of the Tata Indian Premier League IPL 2024.
Generally Ahmedabad is known to produce run-fests. The last match between Punjab Kings and the hosts produced a high-scoring thriller. However today the bowlers made merry and in such conditions DC won the toss and put the hosts in to bat.
Over the last few days the TATA IPL has witnessed high-scoring encounters including the record for the highest score. Today was a different story. DC kept picking wickets at regular intervals and never let GT get going. It all started with Ishant Sharma dismissing Shubman Gill in the second over with the GT captain hitting it straight to cover.
Wriddhiman Saha had a difficult start on coming back to the side. He tried to play a break-out shot but inside-edged off Mukesh Kumar onto the stumps in the fourth over. What also helped DC’s bowlers was the impressive fielding effort and Rishabh Pant’s performance behind the stumps.
Sai Sudharsan tapped one to mid-wicket and set-off on a tight single. Sumit Kumar ran in picked it up and dived forward to aim at a single stump at the non-striker’s end to find Sudharsan short. David Miller then inside-edged one onto his pads off Ishant which lobbed towards Pant who took a good diving catch. GT were reduced to 30 for four in six overs.

Commitment Execution Athleticism Delhi Capitals are making the most of the chances with some brilliant fielding  are 4 down for 30 in the PowerplayWatch the match LIVE on  and     

 IndianPremierLeague  April 17 2024
Post the powerplay came possibly the highlight of the DC’s performance on the field – the two quick stumpings by Pant. Abhinav Manohar and Rahul Tewatia were attempting a recovery when Pant introduced the off-spin of Tristan Stubbs. Abhinav used his feet and tried to play at a ball outside the off-stump. Pant collected and took the bails off in a flash to find the batter millimetres short.

I.C.Y.M.I   Quick Hands from Rishabh Pant helps Tristan Stubbs join the wicket taking party  Watch the match LIVE on  and     

 IndianPremierLeague  April 17 2024
This forced GT to introduce their Impact Player – Shahrukh Khan – in place of Sudharsan. Stubbs fired it down the leg-side and Shahrukh tried to play it through the leg-side. He was outside the crease as the ball hit Pant’s gloves and went on to the stumps. There may have been a bit of fortune for DC but Pant was quick to move across to the leg-side. At 48 for six it looked extremely bleak for GT in the ninth over.
Thereafter any resistance of note from GT came from Rashid Khan who hit a 24-ball 31 with two fours and a six. A six over long-off off the bowling of Kuldeep was the highlight of the innings as GT kept stumbling at the other end. Mukesh returned to dismiss Rashid in an attempt to upper-cut. This effectively ended GT’s fight. They were bowled out for 89 in the 18th over. All the DC bowlers had a great outing. Kuldeep remained wicketless but conceded only 16 in his four overs. For GT only Tewatia 10 Sudharsan 12 and Rashid went into double figures.
DC were never daunted during their pursuit of 90. Jale Fraser-McGurk smashed the second ball of the innings for six straight down the ground. A couple of balls later he lofted one over the bowler again for a four. In the next over he carted Spencer Johnson over extra-cover for a six. Later in the over Johnson had him dismissed caught at mid-wicket for 20.

An entertaining brief cameo from Fraser-McGurk comes to an end P.S - That reaction from Sourav Ganguly Watch the match LIVE on  and       

 IndianPremierLeague  April 17 2024
The powerplay was competitive as Sandeep Warrier bowled a good short-ball to Shaw as he fended at it and was caught at short third-man. Abhishek Porel and Shai Hope then attacked the bowlers particulary during the fifth over. Warrier was hit for three sixes and a four before he bowled Porel.

4.5 64.6 WicketSandeep Warrier with a brilliant comeback to claim his 2nd wicket on  debut Watch the match LIVE on  and     

 IndianPremierLeague  April 17 2024
Since the target wasn’t too daunting DC wouldn’t have been perturbed by the number of wickets they lost. Rashid came on for the last over of the powerplay and Hope hit one to point trying to reverse sweep. DC had won the powerplay effectively with the score at 67 for four.

Ensuring a quick finish ft Rishabh Pant & Sumit Kumar A comprehensive all-round performance from Delhi Capitals helps them register their 3rd win of the season Recap the match on  and     

 IndianPremierLeague  April 17 2024
While GT tried their best DC were always ahead. Pant then came in and finished the job with a few expansive shots. DC won with a mind-boggling 67 balls to spare. It was a team performance Pant would be proud of as captain.

Date 16 Apr 2024

TATA IPL 2024 Match 31  KKR Vs RR - Match Report


In one of the great matches in TATA Indian Premier League IPL history Rajasthan Royals RR equalled their own record of the highest successful chase in the tournament – overhauling 224 against the Kolkata Knight Riders KKR. It was an occasion at the Eden Gardens as two icons of the IPL mesmerized the cricket world with performances for the ages. To begin with Sunil Narine smashed a remarkable century – his first in the TATA IPL. As RR seemed to lose their way during their pursuit of a tall 224 Jos Buttler held his own and shifted gears with the odds stacked against him. His seventh IPL century the second of the season powered RR to a historic two-wicket victory.
Following a promising partnership for the fourth wicket between Riyan Parag and Buttler RR seemed hopeful of chasing 224. However wickets at regular intervals ensured they were 128 for six in 14 overs with the boundaries drying up. Buttler was on 42 off 33 balls with Rovman Powell at the other end.
The two batters then began an assault that saw the ball disappear to all parts of the ground. The next two overs disappeared for 17 runs apiece. Narine came on to bowl with 62 needed off 24. Powell welcomed him with a four and two sixes before Narine trapped him leg-before. At 178 for seven in 17 overs it looked like KKR’s match.
Buttler now had to do the job on his own and in an attempt to keep strike Trent Boult was run-out in the next over. With only Avesh Khan for company Buttler took matters into his own hands and kept the strike. He managed to hit a boundary off Mitchell Starc and RR were awarded five-wides as the bowler missed his mark.
Harshit Rana came on for the penultimate over with 28 to defend. Buttler milked 19 out of it with two huge sixes and a four. Off the last ball he managed to take a single and retain strike. Varun Chakaravarthy came on for the last over with nine to get. Buttler hit the first one over long-on for a massive six to get to his century. RR’s win looked like a foregone conclusion.

An Impactful Innings  class effort from a  player ft. Jos Buttler Watch the match LIVE on  and       

 IndianPremierLeague  April 16 2024
Chakaravarthy made it interesting as he bowled three consecutive dot balls to a tiring Buttler. With three to get off two balls Buttler hit to long-off and pushed Avesh for two. The winning runs were achieved off the last ball as RR celebrated a monumental triumph. When KKR batted and completed their innings before a supportive home crowd this looked like an unlikely result.
On a ground that Narine has made home for over a decade it was fitting that he got to his first T20 century at the Eden Gardens. The celebration in front of an adoring crowd and fellow teammates and management made the occasion extra special. This season Narine has been in great form with the bat. Earlier he scored 85 against Delhi Capitals – his highest in T20 cricket. Today he went past that in fine style .
Having been put in to bat KKR would have been confident of scoring big. Phil Salt got a reprieve in the first over when he hit the second ball to point where Riyan Parag dropped a regulation chance. However Salt’s luck ran out in the third over when he hit one back off Avesh Khan who took a brilliant return catch diving to his left while completing his follow-through.

  Avesh Khan makes the early inroads with a brilliant caught & bowled Watch the match LIVE on  and       

 IndianPremierLeague  April 16 2024
Narine put on a show from the outset. There wasn’t a brutality to his innings but rather some nonchalance. If it was full he used his full range and drove through the ball – lofting it over the field. When pitched a bit short he was ready to make room and cart it.

On Display   Sunil Narine smacking it with perfectionWatch the match LIVE on  and       

 IndianPremierLeague  April 16 2024
At the other end Angkrish Raghuvanshi essayed classy shots on his way to 30 off 18 balls with five fours. It was in contrast to Narine’s more nonchalant and free-stroking modern approach.
In tandem they added 85 off only 43 balls with Narine taking the charge ably supported by Raghuvanshi. Narine got to his fifty in the 10th over as he hit R Ashwin for a six down the ground – getting to the milestone in only 30 balls. Raghuvanshi was dismissed soon after when he upper-cut Kuldeep Sen to third-man.
The next few overs were dominated by Narine – who only got more aggressive past his fifty. The boundaries kept flowing off his bat and the possibility of a century looked good. Shreyas Iyer and Andre Russell were literally reduced to a support role as Narine took centre-stage. When Yuzvendra Chahal the current Purple Cap holder was brought on for the 16th over there was an air of anticipation as Narine was on 79.
Narine then smashed two sixes and two fours in the over to race away to his maiden T20 century. He achieved it by hitting a four through wide long-on as Eden Gardens cheered on vociferously. Russell fell soon after and Narine was castled for 109 by a fantastic yorker by Boult. Rinku Singh’s cameo of 20 off nine balls in the slog overs propelled KKR to 223.

Finishing Touches ft. Left HandersWatch the match LIVE on  and       

 IndianPremierLeague  April 16 2024
On most days that score would have been enough but not when someone like a Buttler decides to showcase his greatness as a T20 batter.

Date 15 Apr 2024

TATA IPL 2024 Match 30  RCB Vs SRH - Match Report


It is said that lightning doesn’t strike twice Ask the Sunrisers Hyderabad SRH. They may not only disagree but also say that it could come harder. Against the Royal Challengers Bengaluru RCB SRH smashed their way to the highest team total in the history of the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2024 – 287 for three – beating their record of 277 set against the Mumbai Indians MI earlier in the season. The M Chinnaswamy Stadium in Bengaluru now has two out of the top three team totals in the IPL history.
To break the TATA IPL record once is fantastic but to do it twice in a season is fantabulous. It only reflects the quality of batting that SRH possess. From the outset they were in a mood to take the attack to the bowling. On a wicket that is known to produce big scores SRH were put in to bat. Many fans would have expected a great performance with a total over 200 but not many would have imagined that the record would be broken for the second time in the season.
Abhishek Sharma and Travis Head started the innings and looked in dominating form. The off-spinner Will Jacks started proceedings for RCB but the pace bowling at the other end was earmarked for special treatment. Reece Topley’s first over was picked for 20 runs. Lockie Ferguson was welcomed with an 18-run over. Yash Dayal’s second over went for 20. All of this as SRH raced away to 76 inside the powerplay. Head raced away to his half-century off only 20 balls.

Clearing them with ease Travis Head is taking it  at the Chinnaswamy Watch the match LIVE on  and       

 IndianPremierLeague  April 15 2024
If Head was batting in fifth gear in the powerplay one had to come up with more terms to describe his effort in the next phase. When Jacks returned for the seventh over Head welcomed him with two sixes and a four. It didn’t matter if it was a spinner or a pacer Head seemed to have an answer to everything. Anything short was met with the horizontal bat. If the bowler pitched it full he would go onto the front foot and cart it down the ground. SRH’s 100 was up in the seventh over when Abhishek hit a six off Vijaykumar Vyshak. Topley got rid of Abhishek soon after but that brought Heinrich Klaasen to the crease who only piled on the questions for RCB.
In comparison Klaasen took some time to get settled as Head raced away to a century off only 39 balls. It is the fourth fastest century in the history of the TATA IPL. Ferguson bowled a good slower ball to get rid of Head for 102. At that stage SRH were 165 in the 13th over. That was no respite for RCB though as Klaasen decided to emulate Head.

500 sixes into the season already Heinrich Klaasen and  have set their eyes set on a mighty first-innings totalWatch the match LIVE on  and     

 IndianPremierLeague  April 15 2024
The 14th over by Mahipal Lomror went for 18 with two sixes by Klaasen. By the end of the 15th over SRH were way past 200 and were possibly entertaining thoughts of breaching their own record. SRH kept building on the last few overs with Klaasen speeding off to 67 off 31 balls until he was dismissed by Ferguson in the 17th over.
In 18 overs SRH were 241 for three. That is when Abdul Samad turned it on for SRH. Powered by the energy created by Head and Klaasen Samad channeled it and smashed 37* off only 10 balls. The record was achieved in the last over when Markram took a single off Vyshak.

Abdul Samad in the house now Flurry of sixes at the Chinnaswamy Watch the match LIVE on  and     

 IndianPremierLeague  April 15 2024
For RCB it was an Everest to climb but one can say that they made a very spirited effort of it. To start off Virat Kohli and Faf du Plessis were ready to take the charge to the bowlers and help set the tone for the innings. RCB raced to 79 in the powerplay – comparable to SRH at a similar stage.

Whipped away for MAXIMUMS  79/0 in the chase at the end of powerplayFollow the Match     

 IndianPremierLeague  April 15 2024
Kohli backed by the home crowd looked in great touch as he smashed his way to a 20-ball 42 with six fours and two sixes. Mayank Markande the leg-spinner and Impact Player for SRH got them the first breakthrough as he bowled Kohli in the seventh over.
Du Plessis continued the charge as he got to his fifty in only 23 balls. For RCB it was always going to be difficult and it only got tougher when they lost wickets at regular intervals in the middle order. Jacks Rajat Patidar and Saurav Chauhan contributed only 16 runs between them. At the half-way stage RCB were 122 for five – in terms of runs one would say it was a fantastic rate but not on the day considering the SRH challenge in front of them.
The second half of the innings saw a vintage performance by Dinesh Karthik who’s aggressive batting lit up the Chinnawasamy Stadium. The wicketkeeper batter almost single-handedly kept the hosts in play – even if the hopes were faint. Like his captain he too got to a fifty off only 23 balls and smashed his way to a 35-ball 83 with seven sixes. On any other day it would have been a match-winning contribution but today it only reflected the enormity of the task before RCB.

ICYMIMahipal Lomror and Dinesh Karthik jump on the bandwagon Can DK make it happen for  Watch the match LIVE on  and     

 IndianPremierLeague  April 15 2024
RCB finished at 262 for seven. The margin of victory for SRH was 25 runs – a good one in T20 cricket. However if you consider the huge target RCB fought and they could be proud of their effort.

ICYMIMahipal Lomror and Dinesh Karthik jump on the bandwagon Can DK make it happen for  Watch the match LIVE on  and     

 IndianPremierLeague  April 15 2024
For SRH this is another memorable performance where their batters entertained all the IPL fans. To put things in perspective one must note the fact that none of the bowlers on both sides maintained economy rates in single figures during the game.

Date 14 Apr 2024

TATA IPL 2024 Match 29  MI Vs CSK - Match Report


In one of the most celebrated matches in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2024 Chennai Super Kings CSK emerged victorious by 20 runs against the Mumbai Indians MI at the Wankhede Stadium Mumbai. A dominant batting performance by the visitors saw them post a total of 206 after MI won the toss and chose to bowl first. Rohit Sharma rallied the MI charge with a spirited century but the CSK bowlers led by the impressive Matheesha Pathirana 4/28 held their nerve and bowled in great channels to pile the pressure at the other end and earn a victory.
There was a change to CSK’s opening combination as Ajinkya Rahane walked out to bat with Rachin Ravindra instead of Ruturaj Gaikwad. Rahane though was dismissed early in the second over in an attempt to hit one over mid-on. That brought Gaikwad to the crease and he lit up Wankhede with some exciting batting.
In the third over Ruturaj hit Mohammad Nabi down the ground for a six. During his innings of 69 off 40 balls he cleared the boundary five times. And through that aggressive approach he maintained that touch of class he is known for. There were well-timed drives that went for four and a couple of mind-boggling cuts through the off-side that went all the way.

ICYMIHitting it on all parts of the ground Skipper Ruturaj Gaikwad displaying his game on both sides of the wicket  move past FIFTY Watch the match LIVE on  and         

 IndianPremierLeague  April 14 2024
Rachin Ravindra seemed to be getting back into good touch and looked set when he hit leg-spinner Shreyas Gopal over long-on for six. However he was dismissed the next ball as he got an under-edge into the wicketkeeper’s gloves.
That brought Shivam Dube to the crease – a man who has built quite a reputation as a six-hitter during the last two seasons of the TATA IPL. Along with Gaikwad he constructed a 90-run partnership in only 45 balls.

Scintillating Shivam Relive how Shivam Dube took the attack to Romario Shepherd He continues his good form with the bat with yet another half-century Watch the match LIVE on  and         

 IndianPremierLeague  April 14 2024
When compared to Dube’s typical knocks this one was different as there were only two sixes during his 38-ball 66 not out. His innings was laced with 14 boundaries – combining power and intelligent placement. Such was the acceleration by the CSK batters that from the beginning of the 10th over until the end of the 15th CSK added 87 runs. That acceleration also witnessed a 22-run over bowled by Romario Shepherd – which featured two sixes from Dube over the leg-side. With that charge CSK looked set to go over 200.
MI managed to script a small recovery when their captain Hardik Pandya dismissed Gaikwad off a slower-ball in the 16th over. In that period until the end of the 19th CSK managed to score only 31 runs and the MI fans would have felt CSK could be restricted to under 200. There was last over drama in store as a crowd favourite was to walk out and dazzle the crowd.
When Pandya dismissed Daryl Mitchell the Wankhede crowd roared – not because their home team had taken a wicket – but because MS Dhoni walked out for the last over. With all the buzz around him he kept his usual calm. The first ball he faced was smashed over long-off for six. The second one was sent over long-on and the third ball he faced went over fine-leg for another six. With three consecutive sixes the crowd had come alive. CSK went past 200 and you could have mistaken Wankhede for the MA Chidambaram Stadium in Chennai.

DO NOT MISSMSD  Hat-trick of Sixes  Wankhede going berserk Sit back & enjoy the LEGEND spreading joy & beyond   Watch the match LIVE on  and         

 IndianPremierLeague  April 14 2024
MI’s chase got off to a great start courtesy Rohit and Ishan Kishan. In 43 balls they added 70 and seemed to put MI on course to get the total. Rohit got going with a six over mid-wicket off Tushar Deshpande in the third over. One of the best shots he played in the powerplay was when he used his feet to Mustafizur Rahman and lofted it over mid-off for four. He followed that up with a huge six over the leg-side to signal his intentions.

 Its That Moment OUT. OF. SIGHT Rohit Sharma deposits a 90m MAXIMUM into the crowd He has moved past FIFTY and looks in brilliant touch  Watch the match LIVE on  and         

 IndianPremierLeague  April 14 2024
Kishan too maintained the tempo with a 15-ball 23 that featured a massive six over fine-leg off Shardul Thakur. However it was Rohit who dominated in the initial stages. MI raced to 70 in seven overs and were in touch with the rate. Gaikwad then decided to introduce Matheesha Pathirana the Impact Player.
The first ball bowled by Pathirana produced a wicket as Kishan hit one straight to mid-wicket. A couple of deliveries later CSK got the big wicket of Suryakumar Yadav – MI’s Impact Player. Suryakumar guided a short delivery from Pathirana towards third-man. Mustafizur did well to catch it and although he overbalanced and went over the boundary he managed to fling the ball in the air and return to complete the dismissal. CSK had delivered two big blows.

Ishan Kishan Suryakumar Yadav Relive Matheesha Pathiranas double-delight over which also included a magnificent catch by Mustafizur Rahman at the ropes Watch the match LIVE on  and       

 IndianPremierLeague  April 14 2024
Tilak Varma and Rohit constructed a 38-ball 60-run stand that kept MI in the hunt. During that partnership Rohit got to his half-century and looked determined to go all the way. Tilak also essayed some great shots and picked up five fours during his innings of 31. In the 14th over CSK brought back Pathirana again as the partnership was building. Tilak holed out to mid-off where Thakur ran back to complete the catch.
That was the turning point in favour of CSK. That over by Pathirana went for only six. The next two overs bowled by Thakur and Deshpande went for only five runs collectively. The asking rate kept soaring. For a large period building up to the slog overs Rohit did not get a lot of the strike and the CSK bowlers bowled to their fields and kept the boundaries at bay. Thereafter MI were always behind and CSK sealed the deal thanks to those middle overs.
Towards the end Rohit got to his century – his second in the TATA IPL – to the delight of the Mumbai crowd. However that was the only positive for MI as the game slipped out of their grasp.

Date 14 Apr 2024

TATA IPL 2024 Match 28  KKR Vs LSG - Match Report


Eden Gardens was treated to an entertaining batting performance by Phil Salt whose innings of 89 not out off 47 balls powered Kolkata Knight Riders KKR to an eight-wicket victory over the Lucknow Super Giants LSG. This is KKR’s second victory in as many games at home in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2024.
Chasing 162 Salt was attacking from the outset against the LSG bowlers. The first over went for 22 as Salt began his charge on the bowling with Shamar Joseph running in. The West Indian was making his debut in the IPL and had a tough start with the Salt charge on the bowlers. Although Sunil Narine 6 and Angkrish Raghuvanshi 7 were dismissed early Salt maintained his dominance.
That said Salt also benefited with some fortune going his way. A couple of catches were dropped off Joseph’s bowling – particularly in the seventh over when he pulled one to deep square-leg where the fielder parried it over the fence in an attempt to catch it. A few inside edges also missed the stumps and went to the boundary.
Through that there were some good and well-timed shots particularly through the off-side. One such drive through point off Arshad Khan got him a boundary and his fifty off only 26 balls. Salt seemed to pick up pace after the Powerplay as KKR raced to 101 for two in 10 overs. Shreyas Iyer had the best seat in the house as he knocked the ball around during his 38-ball 38 – mainly handing the stage to his teammate in-form.

I. C. Y. M. I Sound That 98m SIX from Phil Salt Watch  LIVE on  and       

 IndianPremierLeague  April 14 2024
KKR motored along to a victory as Salt kept finding the boundary. LSG had no answer to Salt’s pyrotechnics on this day as KKR clinched the contest with 26 balls to spare – providing a good boost to an already impressive Net Run Rate. At the end of this game KKR’s NRR stands at 1.688 – by far the best among all teams so far. They have now won four out of their five games this season.
Earlier in the day KKR won the toss and chose to bowl first. LSG openers tried providing a quick start to their innings but the KKR bowling was attacking and looking for wickets. Quinton de Kock started well with two fours off the first two balls of the innings but lost his wicket in the second over when he edged one to short third-man and was caught by Narine off Vaibhav Arora.
KL Rahul was positive through his innings starting with a classy six over cover. He managed to keep the tempo in the powerplay as LSG finished on 49 for two. Deepak Hooda was promoted to bat at No. 3. Mitchell Starc ended his innings when he dismissed him caught at point – courtesy of a brilliant effort by Ramandeep Singh. Ayush Badoni walked in at No. 4 and set about the task of providing stability to the LSG innings.

Ramandeep can FLY That was one stunning grab   49/2 after the Powerplay Watch the match LIVE on  and       

 IndianPremierLeague  April 14 2024
LSG got a few boundaries but run-scoring wasn’t easy as KKR maintained a hold over proceedings. At the half-way mark LSG were 72 for two and in need of acceleration. Rahul showed that intent when he smashed the first ball of the 11th over for a six – with a powerful upper cut. However Andre Russell struck the next ball when Rahul hit one straight to Ramandeep at deep mid-wicket.

wickets in  overs for  A wicket each for  &   Watch the match LIVE on  and     

 IndianPremierLeague  April 14 2024
LSG lost wickets at regular intervals and that hindered their prospects of putting a big score on the board. Narine was economical with one for 17 in his four overs and Varun Chakaravarthy also contributed with one for 30. Nicholas Pooran’s efforts largely drove LSG’s innings in the last 10 overs. The attacking left-hander hit 45 featuring two fours and four sixes to take LSG past 160.

ICYMI  Nicholas Pooran did his thing at the Eden Gardens with an important 4532 Watch the match LIVE on  and       

 IndianPremierLeague  April 14 2024
KKR did not let LSG finish well as Mitchell Starc returned to deliver a good last over. He had Pooran caught behind first ball and then dismissed the Impact Player Arshad. Starc finished with 3/28 – his best performance in the TATA IPL 2024.

Date 13 Apr 2024

TATA IPL 2024 Match 27  PBKS Vs RR - Match Report


A disciplined bowling performance coupled with a fantastic finishing act of 27*10 from Shimron Hetmyer helped Rajasthan Royals RR edge Punjab Kings PBKS in a last-over thriller in Match 27 of the TATA IPL 2024 at the Maharaja Yadavindra Singh International Cricket Stadium in Mullanpur
An accurate and collective bowling effort from RR had restricted PBKS to 147/8 after opting to field at the toss. PBKS battled hard with an impressive bowling effort to bring it down to 10 required off the last over. Finisher Hetmyer then held his nerve and smashed a couple of sixes off Arshdeep in the last over to help RR get back to winning ways and notch up their fifth win of the season.
Chasing 148 RR got off to a steady start as openers Yashasvi Jaiswal who came out as an Impact Player and Tanush Kotian scored 43/0 in the Powerplay. The duo brought up the 50-run stand off 47 balls but one could sense the frustration building with the boundaries not coming easily. That frustration brought the wicket of Kotian as he looked to go big but missed his swing off Livingstone and was castled. The boundaried dried up as RR reached 66/1 at the halfway mark.

Tanush Kotian misses it Liam Livingstone hits it First breakthrough for Punjab Kings 50-run opening stand has been broken Watch the match LIVE on  and     

 IndianPremierLeague  April 13 2024
Captain Sanju Samson then broke the shackles smashing a six and a four off Livingstone to make it 13 off the over. Curran brought back Rabada in the next over and the move worked as he dismissed the set Jaiswal 39 off 28. The captain continued with Rabada and the pacer brought another wicket as he got the huge wicket of Samson trapping him LBW via a slower one. Rabada bowled out with impressive figures of 4-0-18-2.

LBW have skipper Samson and they continue to keep things tight in this chaseThe game still very much hangs in the balanceWatch the match LIVE on  and     

 IndianPremierLeague  April 13 2024
The required rate was steadily climbing and PBKS could have had the big wicket of Riyan Parag two overs later but Livingstone put down a tough chance at long on and then a leading edge just eluded Curran off his own bowling. With 43 needed off 24 Parag went for the attack. He top edged one over the keepers head for a six off Arshdeep and then got a couple off the inside edge to fine leg. But Arshdeep had his man as Parag miscued his pull to deep mid-wicket where Rabada settled under it and took a good catch. Arshdeep nearly had two in the over as Dhruv Jurel was given out caught behind but he straightaway reviewed it and replays show it hit his thigh pad.
With 34 needed off 18 Harshal sent back Jurel off the second ball of the over via a fantastic running catch from Shashank Singh. But Hetmyer made it an over of mixed emotions for Harshal as he smashed a four and a six off the last two balls to bring the equation to 20 needed off 12.

Hetmyer the HERO for  The visitors release the pressure with only 11 off 8 required nowWatch the match LIVE on  and     

 IndianPremierLeague  April 13 2024
Rovman Powell started the penultimate over brilliantly cracking two fours off the first two balls from Curran but there was another twist as Curran bounced out Powell off the next ball. Two singles followed before Curran had Keshav Maharaj caught at long on.
With 10 needed off the last over Arshdeep executed a brilliant couple of yorkers first up to get two dot balls against Hetmyer. The RR batter though bounced back hard to smash a flat six to long on the next ball to bring the equation down to 4 needed off 3. He thumped the next one to long on where Curran fumbled and the batters scampered back for two. With 2 needed off 2 Hetmyer swung a full toss over long leg fence for a six to win it for RR. He remained unbeaten on 27 off 10 balls and took RR past the finish line in a tightly-fought contest.
Earlier Rajasthan Royals captain Sanju Samson won the toss and elected to field.
RR got off to a good start restricting the home side to 38/1 in the Powerplay. Openers Atharva Taide and Jonny Bairstow had added 27 before Avesh got RR the first breakthrough dismissing Atharva Taide who top-edged his pull in the fourth over. Taide had hit a couple of crisp fours through the off side in the second over to get into the groove but he couldnt make the most of his start. Things got difficult for the home side from then on.

A bit of confusion but Kuldeep Sen holds onto it eventually Avesh Khan with the wicket of Atharva Taide as  reach 38/1 after 6 overs.Watch the match LIVE on  and     

 IndianPremierLeague  April 13 2024
The runs werent flowing the pressure was building and Prabhsimran Singh succumbed to it as he went for a big one off Yuzvendra Chahal in the seventh over but only managed to mistime it to deep mid-wicket where Dhruv Jurel took a good running catch. Keshav Maharaj struck in the next over having Jonny Bairstow caught at extra cover.
RR were rewarded for their discipline and accuracy as Maharaj got his second in his second over having Sam Curran caught at deep mid-wicket. PBKS trudged to 53/4 at the halfway mark.
Jitesh Sharma finally hit a four after five overs as he crashed one to long off off Maharaj. Shashank Singh followed up with another one as he crashed one over extra cover in the same over. But Samson brought back Sen and he struck straightaway as Shashank mistimed his pull to deep mid-wicket. Sen could have had two in two as he induced an outside edge off Liam Livingstone first ball but Samson couldnt hold on to a tough diving catch.

Rajasthan Royals get the big wicket of Shashank Singh  continue to lose wickets at regular intervalsWith half the side back in the hut can they reach to a competitive total Watch the match LIVE on  and     

 IndianPremierLeague  April 13 2024
A couple of tight overs followed before Sharma broke free and cracked two sixes one each off Chahal and Sen. Livingstone too upped his scoring smacking a four and a six off Sen as the duo took 17 off his over.
Just when it looked like PBKS were getting some momentum Avesh came back to jolt the home side again having Jitesh 29 off 24 caught at mid off.
PBKS sent in Ashutosh Sharma as their Impact player replacing Prabhsimran Singh. The wickets kept falling though at the other end as Samson pulled off a brilliant Dhoni-esque run out to send back Livingstone as he flicked a wide throw onto the stumps and Livingstone was found short on the replays.

Excellent piece of fielding Its none other than the  skipper  with a superb run-out to dismiss Livingstone Watch the match LIVE on  and      

 IndianPremierLeague  April 13 2024
RR could have had another three balls later but Samson dropped Ashutosh after a confusion with Avesh as both went for a high catch off a miscue from Ashutosh.
Ashutosh made them pay hitting a couple of sixes and a four before departing off the last ball of the innings as PBKS posted 147/8. Ashutosh scored a crucial 316 balls to provide a late surge while PBKS struggled to gain any sort of momentum throughout the innings.
RR brought in Yashasvi Jaiswal who came out to open the batting as their Impact Player replacing Kuldeep Sen. All-rounder Tanush Kotian was sent to open the batting along with Jaiswal.

Date 12 Apr 2024

TATA IPL 2024 Match 26  LSG Vs DC - Match Report


Delhi Capitals DC were back to winning ways in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2024 with a good performance at the Bharat Ratna Shree Atal Bihari Vajpayee Ekana Cricket Stadium Lucknow. The visitors beat the hosts Lucknow Super Giants LSG by six wickets to clinch their second victory in the tournament this year.
LSG’s batting innings was one of two halves. The first half witnessed the DC bowlers making a strong comeback and stamping their authority on the match. The next half saw LSG making a strong recovery with the lower order ensuring their bowlers had something to defend.
Quinton de Kock and KL Rahul got off to an aggressive start in the powerplay and were doing well to set the tone for the innings. De Kock sped away to 19 off 13 balls before Khaleel Ahmed dismissed him leg-before. Khaleel struck again for DC when he sent back Devdutt Padikkal two overs later trapping him leg-before.
LSG captain Rahul looked in good touch from the outset and maintained his attacking tempo through that phase. A shot that stood out was a classy six over cover. He was rebuilding the LSG innings with Marcus Stoinis when DC introduced Kuldeep Yadav in the eighth over. And he made a significant impact.

 MAXIMUM result for the  captain KL Rahul Watch the match LIVE on  and     

 IndianPremierLeague  April 12 2024
To start off Kuldeep induced the outside edge off Stoinis’s bat which went towards point for an easy catch. The dangerous Nicholas Pooran walked out and was castled first ball via a beautiful wrongun from Kuldeep. LSG slumped to 66 for four. This forced them to introduce Deepak Hooda as the Impact Player replacing de Kock.

    Kuldeep Yadav straight away unveiling his magicWatch the match LIVE on  and       

 IndianPremierLeague  April 12 2024
For LSG things only got tougher. Kuldeep dismissed Rahul 39 off 22 balls as he attempted to cut but found the under-edge to the wicketkeeper. Hooda and Krunal Pandya soon followed as LSG were reduced to 94 for seven in 13 overs.
Ayush Badoni then held the innings together and found support in Arshad Khan. Badoni began working the strike over before launching himself in the slogovers. The right-hander used all his power to pick five fours and one massive six as LSG made a great recovery. At the other end Arshad held his own for an unbeaten 20. Badoni’s efforts ensured LSG got to 167 and he remained unbeaten on 55 – his first fifty this year. Considering what had happened during LSG’s game against Gujarat Titans GT they would have been confident in their ability to defend this total.

A crucial 50-run partnership Ayush Badoni & Arshad Khan have powered  to a competitive total Watch the match LIVE on  and     

 IndianPremierLeague  April 12 2024
DC’s batters were confident to begin with as Prithvi Shaw made a positive start to the run-chase. David Warner though was dismissed for eight in an attempt to scoop the ball which ricocheted off his body and went on to the stumps. Yash Thakur gave his team the first breakthrough.

Dragged As unfortunate as it gets for  opener David Warner as Yash Thakur strikes Watch the match LIVE on  and     

 IndianPremierLeague  April 12 2024
That brought Jake Fraser-McGurk to the crease. The young Aussie batter has made quite a name for himself in domestic cricket and recently made his international debut for his country. He also boasts of the record for the fastest century in senior men’s representative cricket overall – a 29-ball ton in a List A match. That reputation was on show in the second ball when he smashed a short one from Yash Thakur over mid-wicket for six.
Shaw continued to bat aggressively as well racing away to 32 off 22 balls with six eye-catching boundaries. A straight-drive for four truly showcased his class and ability as a batter. At the end of the seventh over Shaw was dismissed as he hit one to Pooran off Ravi Bishnoi.
Rishabh Pant walked in to join Fraser-McGurk and this partnership took the game away from LSG. The 77-run stand off 46 balls took the attack to the bowlers and rallied DC’s road to victory. Fraser-McGurk won numerous fans with an aggressive performance that thrilled the audience.

Maiden IPL FIFTY for Jake Fraser-McGurk on DEBUTHat-trick of sixes in this thoroughly entertaining knock Watch the match LIVE on  and     

 IndianPremierLeague  April 12 2024
The highlight of the innings was his approach against Pandya. Unfazed by the challenge of playing an experienced bowler who is known to keep it tight Fraser-McGurk picked up three consecutive sixes freeing his arms and flat-batting a couple. Such was the attack that it prompted Pandya to bowl a bouncer – a rare sight from a spinner.
Fraser-McGurk got to his fifty on his debut and raised his bat to the DC dugout – who were now close to victory. His knock featured two fours and five sixes. By the time he was dismissed DC were 140 in the 15thover and on the cusp of victory.
At the other end Pant did his job well as he constructed a 24-ball 41. While his innings was attacking and he maintained a good strike-rate there was also dependability with Fraser-McGurk playing a flamboyant knock at the other end. After that onslaught it was quite easy for DC as they wrapped up the match with 11 balls to spare.

Date 11 Apr 2024

TATA IPL 2024 Match 25  MI Vs RCB - Match Report


Mumbai Indians MI recorded their second win in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2024 with a seven-wicket triumph over the Royal Challengers Bengaluru RCB at the Wankhede Stadium. Led by Jasprit Bumrah’s second IPL fifer MI restricted RCB to 196 on a good batting wicket. In response their batters dominated from the outset to cap a convincing victory.
Hardik Pandya won the toss and chose to bowl. RCB were banking on the current Orange Cap holder Virat Kohli to guide the innings. However Bumrah dashed those hopes when he dismissed Kohli caught behind in the third over with a ball that took the inside edge. An over later Will Jacks playing his first game this season tried to hit over mid-on but found the fielder off Akash Madhwal. At 27 for two RCB were in a precarious spot.

Boom Bumrah comes into the attack and gets the big wicket of Virat Kohli.Live -     

 IndianPremierLeague  April 11 2024
Then came the partnership that uplifted RCB from that tough spot and an innings of enterprise from Rajat Patidar. The right-hander played some eye-catching shots and injected life into the RCB innings. The right-hander was ready to play through the line in batting friendly conditions and take the attack to the bowlers.
At the other end Faf du Plessis also contributed and drove the RCB innings. Early in the innings he got going with a scoop shot off Gerald Coetzee to get going. The RCB captain recorded his first half-century of the season. Patidar too got to his fifty by hitting two consecutive sixes off Coetzee in the 12th over. However the bowler dismissed him while trying to pull a short one off the next ball.
RCB’s innings then wobbled after that partnership as Glenn Maxwell failed to open his account. Dinesh Karthik and du Plessis held things together until the former holed out to long-on off Bumrah. Mahipal Lomror was dismissed off the first ball via a searing yorker from Bumrah. At 153 for six in the 17th RCB were forced to bring in the Impact Player with Saurav Chauhan replacing Patidar.
While Bumrah returned to complete his fifer in the slog overs Karthik lit up the Wankhede Stadium with inventive shots. Some creative reverse scoops had the crowd in a frenzy coupled with some powerful conventional hits. He raced to 53 off only 23 balls and pushed RCB to 196.

Its not a replay Its just  using his improvisation perfectly  not once but four times.Watch the match LIVE on  and     

 IndianPremierLeague  April 11 2024
Having hit over 230 the other day at the same venue MI walked in with great confidence. That was personified by their openers – Rohit Sharma and Ishan Kishan – in the powerplay. Kishan in particular was attacking. A shot that stood out was when he backed away and cut one over point for six with minimal fuss. The fifth over bowled by Mohammad Siraj was picked for 23 runs. MI moved to 72 in six overs with Kishan completing his fifty off only 23 balls.

Ishan Kishan & Rohit Sharma are on the charge  off to a strong start 72/0 in the Powerplay Watch the match LIVE on  and     

 IndianPremierLeague  April 11 2024
Having mostly watched the action from the other end Rohit too picked up after powerplay – hitting a six and four off Akash Deep. MI motored along to 100 in the ninth over as they maintained a stranglehold over the match. There was relief for RCB then as Kishan hit one to Kohli at long-on to be dismissed for 69 off 34 balls.
However that brought Suryakumar Yadav to the middle – walking in as the Impact Player. The inventive right-hander truly lived up to that term – making a true impact on the game. If one thought that MI were dominating after Kishan’s contribution they had to wait to see Suryakumar’s domination that completely took the match away from the visitors. Although Rohit fell for 38 off Jacks the aggressive intent for MI never stopped. It was signified by captain Pandya smashing the first ball he faced for six immediately after Rohit’s dismissal.

ICYMI - Surya lighting up the night SKY with a flurry of SIXES Watch the match LIVE on  and       

 IndianPremierLeague  April 11 2024
Suryakumar unleashed a characteristic array of shots all around the ground. He cut pulled scooped – used his wrists – to smash his way to a 17-ball fifty – his fastest in the TATA IPL. By the time he was dismissed MI had sped away to 176 in the 14th over. The result by then was a foregone conclusion.
MI sealed victory in style with 27 balls to spare. Pandya smashing a six over cover with flamboyance took MI home and bagged another two points. It was a performance MI will remember for a long time.

Date 10 Apr 2024

TATA IPL 2024 Match 24  RR Vs GT - Match Report


A splendid knock of 7244 from captain Shubman Gill and a fantastic final flourish from Rashid Khan 24* off 11 and Rahul Tewatia 22 off 11 helped Gujarat Titans pull off a thrilling last-ball win over Rajasthan Royals in Match 24 of the TATA IPL 2024 at the Sawai Mansingh Stadium Jaipur.
Gill laid the platform with 7244 and then with 40 needed off 15 balls Rashid and Tewatia got together to pull off a stunning win off the last ball of the match. With 15 needed off the last over Rashid hit three fours including a last ball winning four with two required off the final ball to spark celebrations in the GT camp. Rashid had also bowled a brilliant spell of 1/18 in the first innings.
Earlier Riyan Parag 76 off 48 and captain Sanju Samsons 68* off 38 crucial fifties had helped RR post a competitive 196/3.
Parag and Samson helped RR recover from 42/2 and stitched a spectacular 130-run stand off just 178 balls to help RR post 196/3.
Chasing 197 Gujarat Titans got off to a steady start scoring 44 without the loss of any wicket in the Powerplay. Openers Shubman Gill and Sai Sudharsan played some fantastic strokes with Gill hitting his boundaries predominantly in the V region.

Pleasing to the eye Shubman Gill gets going in the chase with eleganceWatch the match LIVE on  and     

 IndianPremierLeague  April 10 2024
The pair brought up the 50-run stand in the seventh over. Sudharsan then smacked a couple of fours off Chahal and got lucky two balls later as Chahal couldnt hold on to a tough caught and bowled chance.
Samson then introduced pacer Kuleep Sen into the attack and he made an instant impact picking up three wickets in two overs to jolt GT. He at first trapped Sudharsan LBW on 3529 and in his next over he made Wade drag one on before cleaning up Abhinav Manohar with a absolute beauty three balls later to reduce GT to 79/3. In between the play was halted post the 10th over due to rain.

Off-stump out off the ground Kuldeep Sen you BEAUTY Watch the match LIVE on  and     

 IndianPremierLeague  April 10 2024
Gill then brought up his fifty off 35 balls. Vijay Shankar tried to bring some urgency but he was cleaned up by Chahal. The GT captain then switched gears hitting two fours off R Ashwin and two off Chahal but Chahal bounced back hard to have him stumped with a clever wide delivery as he saw him charging down the track Samson did the rest as RR scalped a big wicket.
With 59 needed foff 24 Shahrukh and Rahul Tewatia went on the attack hitting two fours and a six to take 17 off it. But Avesh Khans brilliant yorker in the next over trapped Shahrukh LBW. Avesh bowled a brilliant over giving away just 7 runs. With the equation reading 35 needed off 12 Tewatia and Rashid Khan cracked three fours off Sen to make it a 20-run over.
With 15 needed off the last over Rashid Khan started off well with a four off the first ball. A couple followed before Rashid squeezed one wide of the keeper for a four to bring the equation down to 5 needed off 3. The next ball was a single but drama followed the next ball as Tewatia mistimed a loft over mid off and Tewatia was out trying to take a risky third run. The equation came down to two needed off one ball and Rashid Khan finished it off in style smashing one over point for a four to spark exuberant celebrations.
Earlier the Gujarat Titans captain Shubman Gill won the toss and elected to field.
The visitors started off well picking up the wickets of Yashasvi Jaiswal and Jos Buttler inside the Powerplay and conceding 43 runs.
Jaiswal played some cracking drives through the off side and hit five fours but he departed in the fifth over looking to scoop one and only edging it to the keeper Matthew Wade who pulled off a splendid leaping catch.
Captain Sanju Samson arrived at the crease and got into the groove straightaway with a couple of delightful fours. But Buttler who had struggled to get going departed in the final over of the Powerplay as captain Shubman Gill introduced Rashid Khan inside the Powerplay and he struck off the fourth delivery having Buttler caught at slip.

Edged and takenThats a sharp catch from Rahul Tewatia as  lose Jos Buttler Rashid Khan strikes Watch the match LIVE on  and     

 IndianPremierLeague  April 10 2024
RR couldnt get sustained momentum going as they reached 43/2 at the end of the Powerplay.
The home side kept things tight and didnt let RR score freely. They could have had another wicket in the first half of the innings but Wade couldnt hold on to an outside edge of Parag off Rashid Khan. Parag finally broke the shackles with a six and a four off Noor Ahmad and Rashid Khan respectively as RR reached 73/2 at the halfway mark.
Parag and Samson then turned things around and changed things completely as they pressed the accelerator button. Parag smacked a six over deep mid-wicket off Noor to bring up the 50-run stand off 39 balls. He smashed another one into the stands in the same over to bring up RRs 100 with a 15-run over.
Parage then brought up his 50 off 34 balls in style with a powerful six over deep mid-wicket off Mohit Sharma his 3rd half-century in four innings.

  The in-form  batter smashes dual maximums against Noor AhmadWatch the match LIVE on  and     

 IndianPremierLeague  April 10 2024
Samson too joined the boundary-hitting party as he cracked a couple of powerful fours and a six off Spencer Johnson to make it 16 off the 15th over. The duo brought up the 100-run stand off just 64 balls. Samson then brought up his fifty off 31 balls. The pair kept going and added 130 off 78 before Parag 76 off 48 was finally dismissed in the penultimate over via a very good catch on the long off fence by Vijay Shankar off Mohit Sharma.

A solid catch puts an end to a splendid inningsRiyan Parag departs for 76 courtesy of Vijay Shankars outfield brilliance Watch the match LIVE on  and     

 IndianPremierLeague  April 10 2024
Samson and Hetmyer then provided the final flourish smacking 19 off the last over to propel RR to 196/3. Samson remained unbeaten on 68 off 38 balls while Hetmyer remained not out on 13 off 5.
RR brought on Keshav Maharaj as their Impact player replacing Yashasvi Jaiswal while Shahrukh Khan was named GTs Impact Player replacing Mohit Sharma at the start of the second innings.

Date 09 Apr 2024

TATA IPL 2024 Match 23  PBKS Vs SRH - Match Report


A fabulous counter-attacking knock of 6437 from Nitish Kumar Reddy helped Sunrisers Hyderabad SRH edge Punjab Kings PBKS in a thriller after surviving a late scare at the Maharaja Yadavindra Singh International Cricket Stadium in Mullanpur.
Reddy helped SRH recover from 39/3 as he added a blistering 50-run stand off just 20 balls with Abdul Samad to power SRH to a competitive 182/9. The visitors then survived a late blitz from Shashank Singh 46* off 25 and Ashutosh Sharma 33* off 15 as Jaydev Unadkat held his nerve to defend 29 off the last over.
Defending 183 SRH got off to a brilliant start picking up three wickets inside the Powerplay. Captain Pat Cummins struck first as he castled Jonny Bairstow in the second over. Bhuvneshwar then struck twice as he dismissed Impact Player Prabhsimran Singh and PBKS captain Shikhar Dhawan via a splendid stumping from Heinrich Klaasen who was standing up to the stumps. PBKS were reduced to 27/3 in the Powerplay.

     Relive Heinrich Klaasens brilliant piece of stumping Watch the match LIVE on  and       

 IndianPremierLeague  April 9 2024
Sikandar Raza and Sam Curran then got together and steadied the ship with a 38-run stand but the hosts lost Curran 29 off 22 at a crucial juncture as Cummins pulled off a superb running catch at mid off off T Natarajan.

Keeps his eyes on the ball Times his jump to perfection Takes a stunning catch That was some grab from  captain   Watch the match LIVE on  and     

 IndianPremierLeague  April 9 2024
Raza and Shashank Singh started the resurrection again with a 33-run stand but SRH made sure this partnership too didnt last long as Jaydev Unadkat struck straight after time-out to dismiss Raza 28 off 22.
SRH kept picking wickets at regular intervals as the required run rate kept rising. With 67 needed off 24 Shashank Singh and Ashutosh Sharma unleashed some powerful strokes hitting seven fours off the next three overs to bring the equation to 29 needed off six balls.
The dramatic last over had it all. Ashutosh Singh smashed the first ball of the last over from Jaydev Unadkat to deep mid-wicket where Nitish parried it over the ropes as he leaped in the air to take the catch. Unadkat bowled two wides off the next two balls to make it eight off the first ball of the final over. Ashutosh then smashed the next ball to long off where Samad didnt time his jump well and the ball burst through his hands for a six. The next one was a slower bouncer and Ashotosh pulled it to deep mid-wicket for a brisk two to bring it down to 13 needed off 3. Another slower bouncer followed and the result was the same a couple of runs to deep mid-wicket.

A Fantastic Finish Plenty happened in this nail-biter of a finish where the two teams battled till the endRelive  some of the drama from the final over ft. Jaydev Unadkat Ashutosh Sharma & Shashank Singh Watch the match LIVE on  and … 

 IndianPremierLeague  April 9 2024
With 11 needed off 2 Unadkat bowled another WIDE. There was another drop next ball as Ashutosh swung a slower one to deep square leg where Rahul Tripathi put one down. That made it 9 required off the last ball. Shashank smacked it over long off as PBKS fell tantalisingly short by two runs.
Earlier Punjab Kings captain Shikhar Dhawan won the toss and elected to field.
The hosts got off to a good start as they scalped the wickets of Travis Head Aiden Markram and Abhishek Sharma inside the Powerplay.
It was an eventful start to the match as Travis Head got lucky after he was given not out following an appeal for a caught behind off the first ball of the match bowled by Rabada. PBKS didnt opt for a review. Replays later showed there was an edge as the ball brushed the bat. Rabada bowled a beautiful first over to Head and beat him multiple times. Head then went after Rabada in his next over hitting three fours one of them through an inside edge taking 16 off the over. Abhishek Sharma then survived a run out chance before Heads luck finally ran out in the next over as he mistimed a loft off Arshdeep and Shikhar Dhawan took a brilliant catch running backwards.

A double-wicket over from  A brilliant running catch from  captain   Watch the match LIVE on  and     

 IndianPremierLeague  April 9 2024
Arshdeep struck again in the same over having Aiden Markram caught behind. Abhishek Sharma then went after Sam Curran hitting him for a six and a four in the next over but the PBKS all-rounder hit back hard to dismiss him off the next ball to reduce SRH to 39/3 from five overs.
SRH then sent Rahul Tripathi as their Impact Player replacing Head. He along with Nitish Kumar Reddy stabilised things a bit with a 25-run stand but the boundaries were hard to come by. The pressure was maintained and SRH lost another one before the halfway mark as Harshal Patel dismissed Tripathi caught behind via an excellent review.
Reddy then released the pressure valve as he cracked a couple of fours and a six off Harpreet Brar. He then smashed a six each off Rabada and Curran to bring up SRHs 100 in the 13th over. Just when it seemed like SRH were gaining some momentum Harshal provided a crucial breakthrough as he had Heinrich Klaasen caught at long off. Abdul Samad strode out and creamed a couple of superb fours. Nitish continued to attack and brought up his fifty with a four and six off Brar but was dropped off the next ball as Shashank Singh couldnt hold on to a tough chance. Nitish rubbed salt on PBKS wounds as he cracked a six off the next ball to make it 22 off the over.

A special counter attacking innings from Nitish Kumar Reddy He is leading s fightback with some glorious shots Watch the match LIVE on  and      

 IndianPremierLeague  April 9 2024
The pair brought up the 50-run stand off just 19 balls but soon after both the set batters departed as Arshdeep came back to strike a double blow in the 17th over. Nitish departed for a brilliant counter-attacking 6437 filled with four fours and five sixes while Samad made a brisk 25 off just 12 balls cracking five fours.
PBKS bounced back in the slog-overs picking up 4/36 in the last four overs as SRH finished on 182/9.

Date 08 Apr 2024

TATA IPL 2024 Match 22  CSK Vs KKR - Match Report


Chennai Super Kings CSK put in a comprehensive all-round performance to overcome Kolkata Knight Riders’ KKR challenge at the MA Chidambaram Stadium in Chennai. The CSK bowlers restricted an in-form KKR batting line-up to 137 and followed it up with a stable batting performance to clinch an seven-wicket win. This is KKR’s first defeat in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2024.
On choosing to bowl first CSK made a breakthrough off the first ball. Phil Salt hit one straight to Ravindra Jadeja at point off Tushar Deshpande. The young Angkrish Raghuvanshi who caught the eye during KKR’s match against Delhi Capitals DC joined Sunil Narine in the middle.
For the next six overs Narine and Raghuvanshi batted as if they were continuing their partnership from Visakhapatnam. Both batters were looking to maximise the powerplay and played some eye-catching shots. Raghuvanshi hit a six straight down the ground which reflected his technical ability. Narine batted in his own style to pick up three fours and two sixes. KKR sped away to 56 in the powerplay and it looked like they were eyeing a big score.

Continuing their good form with bat ft Sunil Narine  Angkrish Raghuvanshi 50 run partnership is  between these two as well   move to 56/1 at the End of Powerplay Watch the match LIVE on  and  Follow the Match … 

 IndianPremierLeague  April 8 2024
That is when Ravindra Jadeja entered the stage and stamped his authority on the game. Raghuvanshi was dismissed first ball after the powerplay adjudged leg-before wicket while attempting a reverse sweep. A few deliveries later Narine tried to clear long-off but found Maheesh Theeksana in the deep.
In the ninth over Jadeja dismissed Venkatesh Iyer who tried to go big over mid-wicket but failed to clear the boundary. This wicket-burst severely jolted KKR and the task of rebuilding the innings was left to their captain Shreyas Iyer. Ramandeep Singh walked in with aggressive intent and even managed a six off Theeksana in the 12th over only to be bowled off the next ball.
KKR found run-scoring difficult. While Shreyas top-scored with 34 and batted deep they never got the momentum as CSK maintained tight channels with their bowling. Rinku Singh and Andre Russell tried to provide impetus at the end but couldn’t build impactful innings. KKR even tried to lengthen their batting order by bringing in Anukul Roy as an Impact Player in place of Rinku. However they ended with 137 for nine. Jadeja capped off a memorable performance with the ball by taking his 100th catch in the Tata IPL.

Rinku Singh Andre Russell Chepauk is joyous courtesy Tushar Deshpande  Watch the match LIVE on  and       

 IndianPremierLeague  April 8 2024
One can say that Jadeja’s spell also helped galvanise the fast bowlers who had a tough time in the powerplay when Narine and Raghuvanshi were on song. Tushar Deshpande ended his spell with three scalps. Mustafizur Rahman finished with two wickets and reclaimed the Purple Cap.
In reply CSK started positively courtesy of Rachin Ravindra and Ruturaj Gaikwad. Ravindra looked in good touch during his innings of 15 but lost his wicket while trying to go over long-on in the fourth over. Gaikwad then got into the act and played some delightful shots to pick up the pace. With deft touches he found the gaps with ease and was ready to play aggressively when given room. He dominated the strike in the Powerplay as CSK finished the sixth over at 52 for one.
Daryl Mitchell got going with a six down the ground off Narine in the seventh over followed by a four off the next ball. CSK had got the rate under control and the two batters then knocked the ball around. Gaikwad moved to his fifty off 45 balls – his first as captain of CSK.

One shot had class..........the other had innovation Daryl Mitchell showcasing his range of shots Watch the match LIVE on  and       

 IndianPremierLeague  April 8 2024
The 70-run partnership was broken by Narine when Mitchell 25 charged down the track and was bowled in the 13th over. Shivam Dube walked in and delighted the crowd with some good shots – the two back-to-back sixes off Varun Chakaravarthy elicited huge roars from the home fans. Dube smashed a full delivery for six over mid-wicket off Vaibhav Arora to take CSK on the cusp of victory but in trying to hit another he was bowled.
With three runs to win MS Dhoni walked in to those expected huge cheers at the MS Chidambaram Stadium. Dhoni played out a dot ball to end the 17th over. Gaikwad picked a single off the first ball of the next over and handed the strike to Dhoni as the crowd rejoiced. Dhoni flicked it to square-leg to take a single and open his account. Gaikwad then finished it off with a boundary and took CSK to victory. His unbeaten 67 formed the backbone of the victory alongside the bowlers’ contribution.

Date 07 Apr 2024

TATA IPL 2024 Match 21  LSG Vs GT - Match Report


Lucknow Super Giants LSG won by 33 runs against the Gujarat Titans GT in their TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2024 match at the Bharat Ratna Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee Ekana Cricket Stadium Lucknow. With this win LSG have registered their first ever success against GT in the IPL history. Previously these teams had played each other four times across the 2022 and 2023 seasons with GT emerging victorious in all the games.
With GT at 47 for no loss in five overs while chasing 164 LSG had their task cut out. Openers Shubman Gill and B Sai Sudharsan had batted through the powerplay confidently. Sai Sudharsan in particular was in good touch as he raced away to 31. The opening partnership went past 50 and looked set to put GT on course for another win over LSG. That is when the hosts struck back.

B.E.A.U.T.Y Yash Thakur breaches Shubman Gills defence with a superb delivery 54/1 in 6 oversWatch the match LIVE on  and     

 IndianPremierLeague  April 7 2024
It started with Gill being bowled by Yash Thakur in the sixth over. Kane Williamson came in as an Impact Player in place of Mohit Sharma. LSG’s spinners then helped put the pressure on GT. Following a few dot balls Ravi Bishnoi induced an uppish shot by Williamson and he took a brilliant return catch in his follow through in the eighth over.

 Flying Bishoni Ravi Bishnoi pulls off a stunning one-handed screamer to dismiss Kane Williamson Watch the match LIVE on  and     

 IndianPremierLeague  April 7 2024
Krunal Pandya dismissed Sai Sudharsan in the next over when the left-hander pulled one to deep square-leg. Soon after the debutant BR Sharath was caught sweeping towards square-leg. GT had collapsed from 54 for no loss to 61 for four.
Thereafter the match was dominated by LSG’s bowlers. Pandya finished with great figures of three for 11 in his four overs. However the standout for LSG was Thakur. The seamer had the added burden of responsibility after Mayank Yadav walked off the field having bowled the solitary over.
Having dismissed Gill in the powerplay Thakur returned to diminish any chances of GT’s recovery later in the innings. When he dismissed Vijay Shankar and Rashid Khan in the 15th over LSG had all but taken control of the game. At that stage his figures read three for seven in two overs. There was a bit of a fight by Rahul Tewatia 30 off 25 but he had no support from the other end and the asking rate kept soaring.
Thakur capped off a successful day for LSG by dismissing Tewatia and Noor Ahmad in the 19th over to record his maiden TATA IPL fifer and sealed LSG’s victory.

Fabulous The impressive Yash Thakur picks up the first five-wicket haul of  2024 What a performance from the  pacer Watch the match LIVE on  and    

 IndianPremierLeague  April 7 2024
At the half-way mark most would have felt that GT were the favourites. Keeping in mind what happened in their match against Punjab Kings PBKS at the same venue LSG won the toss and chose to bat first. GT made a few changes as Sharath replaced Wriddhiman Saha and Spencer Johnson came in place of Azmatullah Omarzai.
The innings started off with a bang for LSG with Quinton de Kock smashing a six in the first over off Umesh Yadav picked high over fine-leg. Umesh made a comeback soon after as he had de Kock caught at deep third-man. In the third over things got tougher for LSG as Umesh got the outside edge off Devdutt Padikkal which found its way to first-slip. At 18 for two LSG needed stability.
KL Rahul and Marcus Stoinis then pitched in and constructed an important partnership of 73. Both kept rotating the strike and found the occasional boundaries – with Stoinis being the more aggressive out of the two. In the middle overs GT’s spinners did well to restrict the flow of runs. Noor bowled a parsimonious spell of none for 22 in his four overs. Rashid also contributed with one for 28.

Crucial late surge Nicholas Poorans massive hits provide acceleration in the slog-overs for  Watch the match LIVE on  and     

 IndianPremierLeague  April 7 2024
Stoinis 58 off 43 was the top scorer for LSG. Towards the end LSG were powered by cameos by Nicholas Pooran 32 not out off 22 balls and Ayush Badoni 20 off 11. The highlight of that surge towards the end were the three sixes by Pooran which helped propel LSG over 160. In the end that proved more than enough for LSG.

Date 07 Apr 2024

TATA IPL 2024 Match 20  MI Vs DC - Match Report


Mumbai Indians MI registered their first victory in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2024 with a 29-run win against Delhi Capitals at the Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai. Powered by a blockbuster performance by the batters MI posted a formidable 234. In reply DC’s batters kept them in the hunt but Jasprit Bumrah’s accurate spell ensured MI went on to win the game.
MIs innings could be divided into two halves both connected by a stable contribution from their captain. To begin with the openers – Rohit Sharma and Ishan Kishan – gave them a power-packed start with an 80-run stand off only 42 balls.

Early delight for the Wankhede crowd Rohit Sharma unfurls power-packed maximumsWatch the match LIVE on  and     

 IndianPremierLeague  April 7 2024
Rohit was at his best to start with with two sixes off Jhye Richardson through the leg-side being the highlight. When Lalit Yadav was brought into the attack early in the innings Rohit used his feet lofted him over the top drove full deliveries and continued the positive intent. At the other end Kishan also contributed with a 23-ball 42 with some eye-catching shots.
The spell that brought DC back into the game was by Axar Patel. In a great exhibition of left-arm spin Axar used tantalising lines and lengths to keep Rohit quiet in the seventh over before cleaning him up on 49. Suryakumar Yadav playing his first game in the tournament lofted his second ball to mid-on and was caught for nought.

10.1 10.2 Axar Patel wins the battle  Ishan Kishan with a brilliant caught and bowled Watch the match LIVE on  and     

 IndianPremierLeague  April 7 2024
Pandya walked in at No. 4 as Kishan maintained an attacking approach. The duo added 30 off 17 balls before Axar took a splendid return catch to dismiss Kishan. Tilak Varma was also dismissed early by Khaleel Ahmed as MI were now 121 for four in the 13th over.
In walked Tim David and constructed a good stand with Pandya. As MI were losing wickets Pandya’s innings of 39 off 33 balls helped stabilise. It laid a platform for David to do what he does best in the slog overs. As he does when he is on song David peppered the leg side with his belligerent shots to pick two fours and four sixes. He sped away to 45 off 21 balls and ensured MI get past 200 heading into the last over.
That was when Shepherd burst into the limelight. Anrich Nortje bowled the last over and was picked for 32 runs by Shepherd who put on a show of great power batting. The all-round smashed four sixes and two fours. Shepherd hit a couple of them very flat and then there was one hit long over square-leg. That over took MI to 234 and in hindsight made the difference between the two sides.

  On Display The Romario Shepherd show at the Wankhede Watch the match LIVE on  and     

 IndianPremierLeague  April 7 2024
Chasing 234 was always a mountain to climb but DC’s batters put in a good effort to keep their hopes alive for a large part of the innings. Although David Warner fell early for only 10 Prithvi Shaw put up a good show to record his first half-century of the 2024 season. He looked in great touch from the time he upper-cut the second ball of the innings over third-man for a six.
With the loss of Warner DC were quiet in the first five overs. DC picked up pace in the second half of the first 10. Abishek Porel was sent in at No. 3 and he picked a few boundaries to help boost the run-rate. When Piyush Chawla came on for the eight over Shaw hit him for a six over long-on and followed it up with two more fours. In the ninth over he got to his fifty with a good pull shot for four off Gerald Coetzee.
At 110 for one in the 12th over and Shaw going strong Jasprit Bumrah produced a dream delivery that went under the bat and got rid of the dangerous batter for 66. If ever there was a delivery that defined a yorker this was it.

    Just Bumrah doing Bumrah things Watch the match LIVE on  and     

 IndianPremierLeague  April 7 2024
Thereafter DC were always behind the asking rate and the wickets of Porel 41 off 31 and Rishabh Pant only made it tougher. Through it all Tristan Stubbs fought on with a belligerent innings. The right-handed batter attacked all the MI bowlers and raced away to his fifty off only 19 balls. He hit as many as seven sixes and three fours during his fighting innings and finished on an unbeaten 71 off only 25 balls.

50 up for Tristan StubbsA Fighting knock so far Watch the match LIVE on  and     

 IndianPremierLeague  April 7 2024
As Stubbs fought on DC couldn’t find the momentum at the other end and MI maintained a hold over the game. While Coetzee was the most successful bowler for MI in terms of wickets – having picked four the bowler who stood out for MI was Bumrah. With two for 22 in four overs in a game that saw both teams make over 200 his spell stood out and was worth its weight in gold for MI.

Date 06 Apr 2024

TATA IPL 2024 Match 19  RR Vs RCB - Match Report


Jos Buttler 100* off 58 and Sanju Samson 69 off 42 set the stage on fire in Jaipur with sparkling knocks as Rajasthan Royals RR made it four wins in a row by beating Royal Challengers Bengaluru RCB at the Sawai Mansingh Stadium in Jaipur.
Buttler and Samson helped RR recover from the early loss of Yashasvi Jaiswal with a fantastic 148-run stand as they unfurled a range of exquisite strokes to power the home side to a six-wicket win. Buttler made the occasion of his 100th IPL match more special by bringing up his 100 and finishing off the match in style with a six.
Earlier a cracking 8th IPL century by Virat Kohli helped RCB post 183/3. Kohli put on an exhibition in elegance timing and placement to score 113* 72 adding 125 runs with Faf du Plessis 44 off 33 for the opening wicket to help the visitors post a competitive total.
Chasing 184 Rajasthan Royals were jolted early as Reece Topley struck off the second ball of the innings to dismiss Yashasvi Jaiswal. Captain Sanju Samson and Jos Buttler then got together mixed caution with aggression to steady the ship. Buttler upped the ante in the final over of the Powerplay smashing 4464 off Mayank Dagar to take RR to 54/1 at the end of six overs.

Maximum use of the last over of the Powerplay Relive some of Jos Buttlers delightful shots  Mayank Dagar Watch the match LIVE on  and     

 IndianPremierLeague  April 6 2024
The pair kept chipping away at 10 runs an over as Buttler brought up his first fifty of the season off 30 balls and RR reached 95/1 at the halfway mark. Samson then went after Dagar smashing a couple of fours and a six to bring up his fifty in style off 33 balls. The duo kept milking runs at ease and added 148 runs off 86 balls before Mohd. Siraj finally provided the breakthrough having Samson caught at deep backward square leg on 6942.

The  captain is leading from the front in the chase Sanju Samson show is  in Jaipur as he reaches 68*Watch the match LIVE on  and     

 IndianPremierLeague  April 6 2024
Samson and Buttler had put RR in a strong position by then with 36 needed off 32 balls. But that Samson wicket provided a ray of hope for RCB as they dismissed the in-form Riyan Parag and Dhruv Jurel cheaply. However Buttler remained calm and with 20 needed off 21 he along with Shimron Hetmyer took RR past the finish line with five balls to spare as Buttler on 94 hit a six with one needed to win to bring up his 100 and finish off the match in style. Buttler remained unbeaten on 100 while Hetmyer remained not out on 116
Earlier Rajasthan Royals captain Sanju Samson won the toss and elected to field.
Openers Virat Kohli and Faf du Plessis got RCBoff to a breezy start. Kohli was the primary aggressor to start off as he played some delightful wristy shots. He unfurled a couple of lovely flicks for fours and an effortless six off Burger. He hit four fours and a six in the first six overs while Du Plessis also hit a couple of fours as the pair added 53/0 in the Powerplay.

WATCH -  starts off the proceedings with a SIX  finishes it off with a four Watch the match LIVE on  and  Live -     

 IndianPremierLeague  April 6 2024
Spinners R Ashwin and Yuzvendra Chahal then pulled things back a bit giving away just 11 off the next two overs. However Du Plessis started switching gears cracking a couple of sixes off Boult Kohli joined in with a six off Chahal and then another one straight down the ground off Riyan Parag to bring up his fifty in style.

ICYMI -  brought a well made half-century with a MAXIMUM Watch the match LIVE on  and  LIVE -     

 IndianPremierLeague  April 6 2024
The pair brought up the 100-run stand in just 71 balls. While in between RR dropped a couple of tough catches Boult dropped a relatively simple one of Du Plessis on 42 off Chahal but the RCB captains luck didnt last long as Chahal had him caught at long on off the next ball on 44 33 to break the partnership.
Captain Sanju Samson brought back Burger and the move worked as he cleaned up Glenn Maxwell in the next over. Kohli though kept the scoreboard ticking with his placement and timing as he brought up his eighth IPL century off 67 balls in the penultimate over. He finished the innings in style with three fours off Avesh Khan in the final over to take RCB to 183/3 at the end of 20 overs.
Kohli remained unbeaten on 113 off 72 balls with 12 fours and four maximums.
Earlier in the 18th over of the first innings RR brought on Shubham Dubey as their Impact Player replacing Yuzvendra Chahal who bowled a fine spell of 4-0-34-2.

Date 05 Apr 2024

TATA IPL 2024 Match 18  SRH Vs CSK - Match Report


Sunrisers Hyderabad SRH won by six wickets against the Chennai Super Kings CSK in their TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2024 match at the Rajiv Gandhi International Stadium in Hyderabad. When compared to the previous match in Hyderabad that witnessed an IPL record this match had more for the bowlers – resulting in a good contest between the two departments overall.
Chasing 166 SRH began in explosive fashion with Abhishek Sharma taking the attack to the bowlers. It was almost as if he started from where he left off during the innings against Mumbai Indians MI last week. The 12-ball 37 was an entertaining knock that featured three fours and four sixes. He flicked and pull with panache – a shot that stood out was a flick over mid-wicket that sailed all the way. The entertaining knock ended in the third over when he found Ravindra Jadeja at point off Deepak Chahar.

Abhishek Sharma departs for 37 but hes got  off to a stunning start Watch the match LIVE on  and     

 IndianPremierLeague  April 5 2024
At the other end Travis Head had a life early on when he edged one to first slip but was put down by Moeen Ali in the first over. Head had the best seat in the house when Abhishek dazzled the Hyderabad crowd. The last ball of the first over was smashed for a six. Post Abhishek’s dismissal Head continued in a positive vein alongside Aiden Markram to take SRH to 78 for one at the end of the Powerplay.
SRH’s run-chase was then anchored by Makram who got to his fifty off 35 balls. Travis Head was ultimately dismissed for 31 while trying to sweep in the 10th over. However the home side had the required rate under control and they weren’t under any pressure. Shahbaz Ahmed was sent in at No. 4 and he in tandem with Markram kept knocking it around. Markram was dismissed for 50 when he tried to reverse sweep Moeen.
As SRH got closer to the total CSK made it a little tougher for them with Moeen dismissing Shahbaz who attempted a reverse sweep and was found leg-before on review. Heinrich Klaasen and Nitish Reddy kept their cool and ensured SRH got home with 11 balls to spare. Nitish finished off in style with a six down the ground to seal the deal. SRH’s attempt at attacking the new ball paid rich dividends as it became clear later on that batting wasn’t all that easy as the ball got older.
Earlier in the day Pat Cummins won the toss and invited CSK to bat. Cummins’s decision was backed by his bowlers who performed well as a unit and restricted a dangerous CSK batting unit to 165. At one stage it looked like CSK would get past 180 but some disciplined bowling in the last 10 overs ensured that the SRH batters didn’t have a huge total to chase.
Rachin Ravindra was dismissed early when trying to clear the infield. Ruturaj Gaikwad 26 played a few typically classy shots but as he was set Shahbaz had him caught in the deep. Ajinkya Rahane 35 delivered a steady performance and that allowed Shivam Dube to come in and play his shots.

Lofted with perfection Ajinkya Rahane  Ruturaj GaikwadWatch the match LIVE on  and     

 IndianPremierLeague  April 5 2024
The left-hander was at his six-hitting best during his knock of 45 clearing the boundaries four times during an entertaining innings. It was during his innings that CSK could have harboured hopes of a score over 180.

Muscled not once but TWICE Shivam Dube on a roll in Hyderabad Watch the match LIVE on  and       

 IndianPremierLeague  April 5 2024
However Cummins had Dube caught at point in the 14th over. A few balls later Jaydev Unadkat got the better of Ajinkya Rahane. At the end of 15 overs CSK were 127 for four.
In the last four overs SRH bowlers kept it tight and did not let the CSK batters get away. Ravindra Jadeja’s 23-ball 31 not out was critical in getting CSK past 160. SRH used slower balls to good effect to restrict the CSK batting in the slog overs. The fast bowling department in particular was effective with every pacer picking a wicket each. Cummins and Unadkat finished with identical figures of one for 29 and Bhuvneshwar contributed with one for 28.

Date 04 Apr 2024

TATA IPL 2024 Match 17  GT Vs PBKS - Match Report


In a dramatic finish at the Narendra Modi Stadium in Ahmedabad Punjab Kings PBKS returned to winning ways in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2024. The hosts Gujarat Titans GT put up a formidable 199 and PBKS seemed to be out of contention at one stage. However the IPL is a platform that inspires young talent and we witnessed Shashank Singh and Ashutosh Sharma inspire PBKS to a three-wicket victory that would be remembered by their teammates and fans for a long time.
PBKS captain Shikhar Dhawan won the toss and chose to bowl first. Both teams were forced to make a change each due to injury concerns. Sikandar Raza replaced Liam Livingstone for PBKS whereas Kane Williamson came in for David Miller.
GT’s innings was anchored by their captain Shubman Gill who finished unbeaten on 89 off 48 balls on a ground he enjoys batting. In a sense it rekindled memories of the 2023 season when he scored two out of his three TATA IPL centuries at this venue. It was an innings of typical class. From the time he hit Harpreet Brar for a six down the ground in the first over up until the last over there was class on show.
The shot that stood out in Gill’s innings was a straight loft over Kagiso Rabada’s head for six in the 13th over – there was balance poise and class written all over it. Gill moved into the 80s in the 18th over and could have gotten his hundred but did not get a lot of the strike in the last over.
Following the early loss of Wriddhiman Saha 11 Gill had support at the other end from Kane Williamson 26 off 22 balls and Sai Sudharsan 33 off 19 balls. Williamson was playing his first match of this season and batted for the first time in the TATA IPL for GT. He had settled in with a few classy boundaries only to be dismissed by Harpreet Brar in the ninth over.

Gujarat Titans getting a move Relive some glorious shots from Shubman Gill & Sai Sudharsan Watch the match LIVE on  and       

 IndianPremierLeague  April 4 2024
Sai Sudharsan’s good cameo helped GT up the tempo in the middle overs. The six boundaries he picked during his 19 balls helped accelerate and the energy also rubbed off on Gill at the other end. sudharsan was dismissed while playing to upper-cut and walked back to the pavilion even before the umpire could rule him out.
GT would have thought of targeting the 200-mark at the beginning but at one stage it seemed far away. Thanks to Rahul Tewatia’s inventive 23 off eight balls at the end GT managed to get to 199. Tewatia was at his innovative best with a wristy flick for six over square leg and a sweep off Harshal Patel for four in the 19th over.

Rahul Tewatia with a fine cameo Providing the finishing touches Watch the match LIVE on  and       

 IndianPremierLeague  April 4 2024
PBKS’s chase started off in style with Jonny Bairstow picking up three fours in the first over bowled by Azmatullah Omarzai. GT hit back when Umesh Yadav struck with his first ball in the second over as Shikhar Dhawan inside-edged one onto his stumps in an attempt to cut.
Bairstow and Prabhsimran scripted a bit of a recovery with a few attacking shots. Prabhsimran in particular stamped his authority. The stand was ultimately broken when Noor Ahmad castled Bairstow with a beauty that went between bat and pad.

Right Through The Defence \/ Noor Ahmad gets Jonny Bairstow Powerplay done  are 54/2Watch the match LIVE on  and       

 IndianPremierLeague  April 4 2024
Noor stuck again dismissing the dangerous Prabhsimran for 35. The middle overs were difficult for PBKS as GT struck at regular intervals. It was only when Shashank Singh came into the middle that their hopes were re-ignited. Shashank was aggressive from the outset and tried to get the required rate in check. Jitesh Sharma joined in when he smashed two sixes in the 16th over. However he then got out trying to hit a third towards mid-wicket.
In the last four overs PBKS needed 47. Mohit Sharma bowled a great over as he conceded only 16. With the pressure mounting the Impact Player for PBKS Ashutosh Sharma got them into the game again when he picked up three fours off Omarzai. Meanwhile Shashank sped away to his fifty off only 25 balls.

Crucial boundaries on display Shashank Singh keeping the hopes alive Watch the match LIVE on  and       

 IndianPremierLeague  April 4 2024
With 25 needed Mohit returned for the penultimate over and was picked for 18 runs. Ashutosh and Shashank looked unstoppable. Shashank hit a six over mid-wicket for a six off the last ball and that left them needing seven off the last over.
Darshan Nalkande was brought in for the last over and off the first ball he had Ashutosh 31 off 17 balls caught at long-on. With five needed off three balls Shashank 61 off 29 balls got the outside edge and it went for four over third-man. A leg-bye then sealed the deal for PBKS. The 43-run stand between Ashutosh and Shashank was the match-winner for the visitors.

Date 03 Apr 2024

TATA IPL 2024 Match 16  DC Vs KKR - Match Report


Along the coast of Visakhapatnam the Kolkata Knight Riders KKR constructed a mountain of a score – 272 for seven – against the Delhi Capitals DC. It is the second-highest team score in TATA Indian Premier League IPL history going past Royal Challengers Bengaluru’s 263 from the 2013 edition. This helped KKR record their third victory in as many matches in the 2024 season.
The KKR batting truly entertained the crowd with some exhilarating batting. A week ago in a city not too far from Visakhapatnam Hyderabad witnessed its home side smash its way to 277 – the highest score in Tata IPL history. As the slog overs approached KKR threatened to rewrite the record books but fell short as Ishant Sharma bowled a good last over.

YORKED Ishant Sharma with a beaut of a delivery to dismiss the dangerous RussellHead to  and  to watch the match LIVE     

 IndianPremierLeague  April 3 2024
When one looks at the final score it is scarcely believable that Sunil Narine the top-scorer opened his account off his sixth delivery – with a gentle single to third man in the second over. In many ways it was the lull before the storm. He warmed up with a four off Khaleel Ahmed in the third over by cutting it over point. At the other end Phil Salt seemed to be in a more aggressive mood racing away to 18.
The carnage truly began in the fourth over when Narine picked 26 off Ishant’s bowling. If it was short Narine was ready with his horizontal bat shots. If it was full he would clear the infield. It seemed as if anything thrown at him was going to disappear towards the boundaries. DC missed out on a chance to cut Narine’s innings short. During Ishant’s over Narine had edged a short one to the wicketkeeper and it wasn’t given out. However DC asked for the review after the stipulated time ran out.
Anrich Nortje broke through in the next over when he had Phil Salt caught with the second already at 60. DC may have felt that they could apply the breaks but in came Angkrish Raghuvanshi – batting for the first time in an IPL match.
The youngster was undaunted by the big stage and pulled his first ball for a four over fine-leg. Off the next ball he caressed it through the off-side for another boundary. The partnership was one of great contrast. At one end there was a veteran while there was a tyro at the other looking to make a mark. It was a right-left combination with Narine putting on a display of modern T20 batting full of ruthlessness while Raghuvanshi impressed with his proper technique and touch play. Raghuvanshi did show some innovation as seen during a reverse scoop for six off Rasikh Salam in the 11th over.

Sunil Narine at it again  are off to some start in VizagHead to  and  to watch the match LIVE   

 IndianPremierLeague  April 3 2024
The partnership of 104 only took 48 balls and brought great joy to the fans at the stadium. Narine got to his fifty off only 21 balls as KKR finished on 88 for one at the end of the powerplay. Narine went past his highest Tata IPL score and continued to carnage even after the powerplay. A six off Anrich Nortje in the 12th over got him past his best overall T20 score. However he was dismissed for 85 by Mitchell Marsh when he edged one to Pant. That brought Andre Russell to the middle.

InnovativeMaiden IPL Fifty for Angkrish Raghuvanshi Head to  and  to watch the match LIVE   

 IndianPremierLeague  April 3 2024
Soon after Raghuvanshi brought up his fifty off only 25 balls – a great start to his IPL career. He looked set for more but on 54 he upper cut Nortje straight to third-man. Powered by Russell KKR blazed past 200 in the 16th over as the crowd started entertaining the possibility of a record team score.
KKR’s carnage continued and Rinku Singh’s blitz 26 off eight balls only piled on the pressure for DC. Along with Russell’s 41 off 19 entertaining knock these contributions formed the icing on the cake after the Narine-Raghuvanshi partnership. It was a forgettable day for DC’s bowlers with the only highlight being Ishant’s searing yorker that castled Russell in the last over.
DC’s reply was shaky to begin with as they lost four wickets in the powerplay. There was intent but the pressure of the big score was evidently humongous. Vaibhav Arora brought in as the Impact Player dismissed Prithvi Shaw and Abishek Porel Impact Player for DC. At the other end Mitchell Starc got rid of his countrymen Mitchell Marsh and David Warner to reduce DC to 33 for four.
Rishabh Pant and Tristan Stubbs then scripted a fighting partnership. Pant in particular was aggressive from the beginning. DC were behind the required rate but the big hits kept coming. Pant brought up his fifty in the 12th over off only 23 balls. That over bowled by Venkatesh Iyer went for 28 as Pant unleashed his range of shots all around the ground. Interestingly it was the most expensive over of the match. Pant’s fight ended when he tried to loft Varun Chakaravarthy over long-on but top-edged it to cover. Axar tried to smash his first ball over long-on but skied it. Manish Pandey ran in from long-on and took a good catch diving forward.

Varun Chakaravarthy gets  in Excellent fielding on display Watch the match LIVE on  and       

 IndianPremierLeague  April 3 2024
Stubbs continued to fight moving to his fifty off 28 balls – a knock that featured some eye-catching shots. Just as it happened with Pant Stubbs too fell soon after his half-century. For DC the task was too big and once Stubbs and Pant were dismissed KKR sealed the deal comfortably by 106 runs. Arora was the pick of the bowlers – the impact player making a true impact – with a spell of three for 27 on a batting beauty. Starc two for 25 and Chakaravarthy three for 33 also contributed alongside Narine who capped his batting brilliance with a spell of one for 29.

Date 02 Apr 2024

TATA IPL 2024 Match 15  RCB Vs LSG - Match Report


There is a new fast bowler in town Just ask Lucknow Super Giants LSG who have unleashed Mayank Yadav in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2024. Following his Player of the Match performance in the previous game Mayank turned up again with figures of three for 14 against Royal Challengers Bengaluru RCB at the M Chinnaswamy Stadium Bangalore. Thanks to that effort LSG sealed a 28-run victory.
Up against a target of 182 RCB started very well courtesy of Faf du Plessis and Virat Kohli. With the home crowd behind them the openers added 40 and essayed some great shots. Kohli’s lofted shot off Naveen-ul-Haq in the fourth over stood out as it soared straight down the ground and into the fence.
M Siddharth silenced the Bengaluru crowd in the fifth over when he found the edge off Kohli’s bat as the ball flew into Devdutt Padikkal’s hands at point. It was then that LSG decided to bring in Mayank. Off the first ball of the sixth over du Plessis placed it towards mid-wicket and sprinted for a quick single. Padikkal ran in picked it up and threw it at the non-striker’s end to find the RCB captain short. A couple of balls later Glenn Maxwell was dismissed trying to pull one but only managed to lob it to mid-on. RCB had gone from 40 for no loss to 44 for three.
Post the powerplay Cameron Green pulled one convincingly off Mayank for four through mid-on. Mayank responded with one that was fuller and angled onto the stumps. Green was beaten for pace as the ball shattered his woodwork. RCB were in huge trouble.

  Mayank Yadav with an absolute ripper to dismiss Cameron Green Head to  and  to watch the match LIVE   

 IndianPremierLeague  April 2 2024
There was some fightback from Rajat Patidar 29 off 21 with some support from Anuj Rawat. However as the asking rate kept rising the pressure mounted on RCB. Mayank later returned to dismiss Patidar for his third wicket who was caught at deep square-leg while trying to pull. Towards the end RCB held on to hope as Mahipal Lomror kept them in the hunt with some great attacking batting. He smashed his way to a 13-ball 33 before hitting one to long-off. Yash Thakur and Naveen-ul-Haq delivered crucial blows for LSG to seal victory post Mayank’s spell.
Earlier in the day LSG were put in to bat by RCB captain du Plessis. Their innings was largely anchored by Quinton de Kock who signalled his intentions with a loft over cover for four and a cut through point for another in the first over bowled by Reece Topley. In the third over he flicked Mohammad Siraj over fine-leg for the first six of the match. The next ball was also lofted over square leg for another six.

Dual MAXIMUMS  Super start from  and Quinton de KockHead to  and  to watch the match LIVE   

 IndianPremierLeague  April 2 2024
KL Rahul soon got into the act and smashed two sixes during his innings. In the last over of the powerplay Rahul swept Glenn Maxwell for six but was dismissed next ball in an attempt to hit another big shot. Devdutt Padikkal followed Rahul but did not get going. He was dismissed in the ninth over when he top-edged a delivery from Siraj. Anuj Rawat ran back and took a good catch.
In the middle overs RCB did well to limit the damage and slow down the scoring rate.

These two are dealing in sixes Quinton de Kock  Marcus Stoinis  are eyeing a huge total in BengaluruHead to  and  to watch the match LIVE   

 IndianPremierLeague  April 2 2024
Marcus Stoinis 24 off 15 balls hit two sixes during his stay before being dismissed by Maxwell. Through it all de Kock held the innings together during his knock of 81 off 56 balls. He picked his opportunities to score and kept LSG in the hunt for a big score however when he was dismissed in the 17th over the burden of scoring the runs fell on Nicholas Pooran.
Pooran took the attack during the last two overs and smashed as many as five sixes in those two overs. While LSG were made to slow down a little in the middle overs Pooran’s blitz of an unbeaten 40 off 21 balls helped take them past 180. For RCB Glenn Maxwell was the pick of the bowlers as he took two wickets for only 23 runs in his four overs. Yash Dayal also contributed with one for 24 in his full quota.

Date 01 Apr 2024

TATA IPL 2024 Match 14  MI Vs RR - Match Report


Rajasthan Royals RR maintained their victorious run at the Tata Indian Premier League IPL 2024 with a six-wicket win over Mumbai Indians MI in Match 14 at the Wankhede Stadium. Led by the bowlers RR restricted MI to 125 and chased it down with 27 balls to spare.
RR’s opening bowlers repaid the faith of their captain Sanju Samson after he won the toss and elected to bowl. There was a lot of movement on offer and the RR opening bowlers used it to great effect to set the tone for their team. Trent Boult struck in the very first over – with Rohit Sharma caught behind and Naman Dhir dismissed leg-before.
The dismissal of Naman Dhir prompted MI to bring on Dewald Brevis as an Impact Player. That move did not pay dividends for MI as Brevis hit his first ball to short third-man off Boult in the third over. The first three batters dismissed were all off their respective first deliveries.

.’ Lethal Start They run through ’s top order courtesy Trent Boult & Nandre Burger After 7 overs it is 58/4Watch the match LIVE on  and     

 IndianPremierLeague  April 1 2024
In the next over Nandre Burger struck as Ishan Kishan 16 off 14 balls edged one to the wicketkeeper. At 20 for four in the fourth over MI captain Hardik Pandya walked in with a huge task before him.
What followed was a counterattack with both Tilak Varma and Pandya trying to capitalise on the last two overs of the powerplay. Tilak smashed one over fine-leg off Boult for six. The last over of the powerplay bowled by Burger saw Pandya picking three boundaries – even using his feet and charging the bowler a few times.
MI continued to bat positively even after the powerplay as the runs kept flowing. Varma and Pandya put up 56 in tandem before Pandya 34 off 21 balls was dismissed trying to hit Yuzvendra Chahal over long-on. It was Chahal’s spell that then vanquished any hopes of MI posting a big score.
In the middle overs the leg-spinner kept it tight and accounted for three wickets. He was also well supported by R Ashwin who went wicketless but conceded only 27 runs in his four overs. RR’s fielders backed up the efforts of their bowlers. The highlight was Shimron Hetmyer’s catch at point off Avesh Khan’s bowling which dismissed Piyush Chawla.

 class fielding The  fielders backing their bowlers excellently Watch the match LIVE on  and     

 IndianPremierLeague  April 1 2024
Tilak 32 off 29 balls was eventually dismissed in the 14th over leaving the burden of scoring on Tim David. The big-hitting middle-order batter only managed 17 in the slog overs before being dismissed by Burger. MI finished on 125 for nine.
The MI bowlers were getting some movement from the wicket particularly Jasprit Bumrah. Kwena Maphaka struck in the first over when Yashaswi Jaiswal tried to go over cover. Jos Buttler and Sanju Samson were tested by the movement in the initial overs. However with the target not daunting enough and the batters picking their opportunities to score they rallied through that phase.
Samson played some typical drives through the off-side before inside-edging one onto the stumps off Akash Madhwal who was playing his first match of the tournament. A couple of overs later Madhwal struck again when Buttler pulled one straight to fine-leg. RR were 48 for three in the seventh over.
Ashwin and Riyan Parag put up a partnership of 40 that took the match away from MI. Madhwal struck again to break the partnership when he had Ashwin caught for 16. The right-arm pacer showed great application is his first match of the season.
Parag’s great run of form continued. This time he had to tweak his strategy and be watchful to begin with. As the target approached he picked up pace getting to his half-century with two consecutive sixes off Gerald Coetzee. Victory was achieved when Parag pulled one through fine-leg for four.

 to half-centuries for Riyan Parag He continues his good form with the bat Watch the match LIVE on  and       

 IndianPremierLeague  April 1 2024
On a day when most batters struggled Parag’s innings rallied RR through a few nervous moments. When victory was achieved he remained unbeaten on 54 off 39 balls – the highest score across the two sides on the day. With that performance he took the Orange Cap at the end of the game.

Date 31 Mar 2024

TATA IPL 2024 Match 13  DC Vs CSK - Match Report


Delhi Capitals DC recorded their first points in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2024 with a 20-run win over Chennai Super Kings CSK. The Dr YS Rajasekhara Reddy ACA-VDCA Cricket Stadium Visakhapatnam witnessed a good all-round performance by DC that helped overcome the in-form CSK.
In batting friendly conditions at their home venue DC elected to bat first. Prithvi Shaw came into the side in place of Ricky Bhui and was sent to open the batting with David Warner. To begin with the DC openers were cautious and getting a measure of the CSK bowling. In the first four overs they moved to 24.
When Deepak Chahar was introduced for his third over in the power play DC batters decided to cut loose – picking 18 runs. Warner’s falling scoop behind square for six was the highlight. Mustafizur Rahman was brought in to bowl the last over of the power play. Shaw joined Warner in the attack with three crisp boundaries in an over that went for 20. At the end of the six overs DC had jumped to 62 for no loss.
The assault continued even after the powerplay as Shaw welcomed Ravindra Jadeja with a six over long-on. DC maintained a run-rate of over 10 an over. That is when Matheesha Pathirana announced himself in the game and helped CSK make a comeback.
To start off Pathirana’s first impact wasn’t with his slingy bowling but with an acrobatic effort in the field. In the 10th over Warner tried to reverse-scoop Mustafizur through third-man. Pathirana standing at short third threw himself to his right and caught the ball with a magnificent dive. The batter was left shell-shocked. In the following over Shaw got a thick edge to MS Dhoni’s gloves off Jadeja – a ball after smashing another six.

 Matheesha Pathirana takes a one hand diving catch to dismiss David Warner who was on song tonightWatch the match LIVE on  and       

 IndianPremierLeague  March 31 2024
Rishabh Pant and Mitchell Marsh set about a recovery job over the next few overs. While they picked occasional boundaries the run-rate had dropped after the initial phase. Pathirana then came in to bowl the 15th over. Marsh was castled by the trademark slinging yorker that went under his bat and shattered the woodwork. A couple of deliveries later Tristan Stubbs was bamboozled by another toe-crusher. At 134 for four in 15 overs DC had their task cut out in the last five.

Stump lights go  breath taking deliveries Watch the match LIVE on  and       

 IndianPremierLeague  March 31 2024
This is when Pant took charge and unveiled those aggressive shots. Over the next few overs he gradually changed gears managing to attack both Mustafizur and Pathirana. Mustafizur was pulled for six while he managed to dig out an attempted yorker from Pathirana in the 19th over and lofted it over long-on for six. A couple of fours followed to take Pant past his half-century – a first since his celebrated comeback. Although he fell soon after Pant had done enough to help DC score 191.
CSK’s reply got off to a shaky start with Khaleel Ahmed getting copious movement early on. In the very first over Ruturaj Gaikwad inside-edged one from outside the off stump into Pant’s gloves. Run-scoring was difficult in those initial overs with both Ishant Sharma and Khaleel keeping it tight. The pressure mounted on CSK when Rachin Ravindra tried to loft Khaleel in the third over but skied it to mid-off. In the powerplay Khaleel had bowled three overs and scalped both wickets for only nine runs.
It was up to Ajinkya Rahane and Daryl Mitchell to script a recovery. Rahane’s batting was positive from the outset as he drove Ishant for two fours in the fourth over. A pull shot for six off Anrich Nortje was the highlight. Mitchell got his eye in and ultimately attacked Axar Patel in the ninth over – lofting him for a huge six down the ground. Post the first time out the CSK batters decided to change gears. Rasikh Salam the Impact Player in place of Shaw was smashed for two sixes as CSK made their intentions clear. However Axar Patel struck in the next over with Mitchell hitting the ball back to him.

These maximums Some clean hitting tonight  Watch the match LIVE on  and       

 IndianPremierLeague  March 31 2024
Rahane was anchoring the innings and was well-set moving along into his 40s. However in the 14th over Mukesh Kumar delivered a double blow by dismissing Rahane caught at long-on and getting Sameer Rizvi caught at short third-man first ball. This is when DC’s bowlers began tightening the screws.
The asking rate kept mounting for CSK as the slog overs approached. Things got even tougher when Shivam Dube holed out to long-off in the 17th over with Mukesh getting his third wicket. That brought Dhoni to the crease amidst great fanfare – treating his fans to two boundaries to start off. In the following over Dhoni almost nonchalantly lofted one over cover for a massive six off Khaleel.

Vintage Dhoni  fans were treated to some strong hitting by MS DhoniWatch the match LIVE on  and     

 IndianPremierLeague  March 31 2024
Mukesh three for 21 bowled a great penultimate over to nullify any outside chance CSK had. Dhoni 37 not out off 16 balls entertained the crowds with a blitz in the last over smashing 4646 against Nortje but the target was too far as CSK fell short by 20 runs.

Date 31 Mar 2024

TATA IPL 2024 Match 12  SRH Vs GT - Match Report


Gujarat Titans GT fortified their record at the Narendra Modi Stadium Ahmedabad with a seven-wicket victory over Sunrisers Hyderabad SRH in Match 12 of the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2024. A good effort by the bowlers coupled with a combined effort by the batting unit ensured GT’s second win of the 2024 season.
On a warm afternoon in Ahmedabad SRH captain Pat Cummins won the toss and chose to bat first. Fresh from their recent heroics which resulted in the record team score at the Tata IPL SRH were confident walking in to face the GT bowling.
In comparison to the match at Hyderabad SRH had a steadier start and did not race away in the powerplay. While Travis Head continued to attack Mayank Agarwal was more watchful and was ultimately dismissed in the fifth over when he tried to flick Azmatullah Omarzai over backward square-leg.
Abhishek Sharma too was aggressive and welcomed Rashid Khan into the attack with two sixes in the last over of the powerplay. Post the powerplay Head was dismissed for 19 when Noor Ahmad bowled him while attempting a slog.

Wrong un done RIGHT Noor Ahmad does Travis Head and how  Watch  Head to  &  to watch the match LIVE Follow the match        

 IndianPremierLeague  March 31 2024
The interesting thing about the SRH innings was that GT kept picking wickets at regular intervals although the batters got starts and showed flashes of aggression. The highest partnership of the innings was 45 for the sixth wicket between Abdul Samad and Shahbaz Ahmed – which provided some impetus towards the end. However none of the SRH batters crossed 30 with Abhishek and Samad being the joint top scorers with 29 each. As many as four batters got into the 20s.
Mohit Sharma was the pick of the bowlers for GT with three for 25 in his four overs which included back-to-back scalps in the last over. This played a major role in keeping SRH to 162.

Skills Discipline 2 in 2 for Mohit Sharma as he keeps the  innings under check Head to  &  to watch the match LIVE Follow the match       

 IndianPremierLeague  March 31 2024
GT were up against a target of 163 and were powered to a good start by Wriddhiman Saha. The wicketkeeper-batter unleashed his usual array of shots in the powerplay picking his angles and clearing the in-field. The highlight was a six over mid-wicket off Jaydev Unadkat.
Shahbaz the left-arm spinner was brought on during the powerplay and gave SRH their first breakthrough in his second over when Saha tried to clear mid-on but only found the fielder. Sai Sudharsan walked in at No. 3 as an Impact Player replacing Mohit. GT moved along steadily towards the total with him and Shubman Gill in the middle.
Gill picked up pace after Saha’s dismissal and played some attacking shots. He lofted Shahbaz with ease over wide long-off for his first six. Sudharsan started confidently with a well-timed flick through mid-wicket off Bhuveshwar. In tandem they added another 38 as the first time out dawned. But soon after the break Gill was dismissed when he tried to clear long-on off Mayank Markande.
GT promoted David Miller to No. 4 to manage the chase with his experience and stitch a partnership with the promising Sudharsan. To start with they rotated strike and didn’t take any unwanted risks. Going into the last five overs GT needed 49. SRH would have held on to hope after all their opponents defended a similar margin last week against MI at the same venue.
Those hopes were dashed as Miller and Sudharsan attacked Markande in the 16th over picking up 24 runs. Miller cleared the fence twice in trademark style and Sudharsan picked one over long on and sent it into the crowd. This came at a time when Miller was seemingly hampered by injury and was also attended to by the GT physio.
Sudharsan fell soon after for 45 as he hit Cummins straight to mid-wicket. However by then the required rate was down to a run-a-ball.

 That moment when  sealed their 2nd win of the  2024   Joy in the  camp as they bag 2 more points  Head to  &  watch the match LIVE  Scorecard      

 IndianPremierLeague  March 31 2024
Vijay Shankar and Miller finished the job with five balls to spare moving along to the total with composure. Miller sealed the deal with a six over long-off remaining unbeaten on 44.

Date 30 Mar 2024

TATA IPL 2024 Match 11  LSG Vs PBKS - Match Report


The Tata Indian Premier League IPL 2024 is a platform where talent meets opportunity and the Lucknow Super Giants unearthed a new youngster with great potential on the big stage during their victory against Punjab Kings at the Bharat Ratna Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee Ekana Cricket Stadium. Playing his first match in the Tata IPL Mayank Yadav bowled with pace like fire to inspire his team’s 21-run victory on a batting friendly surface.
Chasing 200 PBKS got off to a great start courtesy of their openers Shikhar Dhawan and Jonny Bairstow. Both batters were proactive in the powerplay scoring at over 10 runs an over. Dhawan got to his half-century in the eighth over when he slog-swept Ravi Bishnoi for a massive six. PBKS moved past 100 in the 11th over and looked set to change gears and race towards the total.

  The  skipper also brings up his 150th six in the   on a move with 38/0 in 4 overs Watch the match LIVE on  and     

 IndianPremierLeague  March 30 2024
LSG pulled things back with the introduction of debutant Mayank. In his very first over he surprised the batters with his pace even clocking over 150 kmph a few times. He bagged the wicket of Bairstow in his second over as the right-hander tried to clear the leg-side but couldn’t time the ball well enough. Prabhsimran Singh came in as an Impact Player and made an immediate impact with two sixes one over long-on off Ravi Bishnoi and the other hit over third-man off Mayank where Mohsin Khan took the catch but crossed the ropes.

 goes . / by Mayank Yadav Relishing the raw and exciting pace of the debutant who now has 2 wickets to his name  require 71 from 36 deliversWatch the match LIVE on  and   … 

 IndianPremierLeague  March 30 2024
Mayank then dismissed Prabhsimran when he tried to smash one over mid-on but only got the elevation. Dhawan stayed at one end as wickets fell at the other. Jitesh Sharma started off well by hitting a boundary through mid-off with Mohsin bowling. However Mayank struck again when Jitesh tried to pull but top-edged it with Naveen-ul-Haq taking a catch at mid-wicket. By the time Mayank finished his spell of three for 27 PBKS needed 60 off the last four overs. Dhawan fell soon after on 70 when he tried to pull a slower-bouncer from Mohsin but gloved it to the wicketkeeper. Curran fell first ball trying to pull Mohsin.
Thereafter it was an uphill task for PBKS particularly with Livingstone struggling with an injury he sustained in the field. Livingstone fought on till the end but couldn’t prevent an LSG triumph.
Earlier in the day Nicholas Pooran walked out for the toss as captain for LSG in place of KL Rahul who only batted and was later substituted by the Impact Player Naveen. Pooran said this was done to ease Rahul into the tournament as he was returning from an injury. LSG chose to bat first on a good wicket in front of their supportive home fan base.
LSG’s innings was initially spearheaded by Quinton de Kock who smashed a 38-ball 54. Rahul started well but was dismissed when he tried to find the gap through point but was caught superbly by Bairstow. In the sixth over Devdutt Padikkal made room and tried to go over mid-off only to find the fielder.
Meanwhile de Kock soldiered on and batted at a good pace. The innings got real impetus when Nicholas Pooran joined de Kock. The 27-ball 47-run stand set a proper platform for a big score. Although de Kock was dismissed in the 14th over Pooran’s attack continued as he smashed his way to 42 off 21 balls featuring three fours and three sixes until he inside-edged one onto the stumps from Kagiso Rabada.
In the slog overs Krunal Pandya’s 43 not out off 22 balls enterprising knock helped push LSG towards 200.

 Krunal Pandya with the finishing touches His cameo is helping  reach a good total Watch the match LIVE on  and       

 IndianPremierLeague  March 30 2024
PBKS bowlers kept striking at regular intervals but with Pandya in the middle LSG looked set to cross 200. It was only a good last over by Harshal Patel that kept LSG a run short of that 200-run mark. In an innings where batters generally attacked Sam Curran was the pick of the bowlers with 3/28 in his four overs.

Date 29 Mar 2024

TATA IPL 2024 Match 10  RCB Vs KKR - Match Report


A power-packed batting performance led by Venkatesh Iyer 50 off 30 and Sunil Narine 47 off 22 helped Kolkata Knight Riders chase down 183 comfortably against Royal Challengers Bengaluru in Match 10 of TATA IPL 2024 and register their second win in a row at the M Chinnaswamy Stadium in Bengaluru.
Narine and Phil Salt 30 off 20 set the tone smashing 86 from 6.3 overs for the opening wicket. Venkatesh Iyer then carried forward the momentum and cracked a counter-attacking 50 off 30 to power KKR to a seven-wicket win.
Earlier excellent spells from Andre Russell and Harshit Rana had helped KRR restrict RCB to 182/6.
Chasing 183 KKR got off to a blistering start as Phil Salt made his intentions clear in as early as the first over smashing 646 off Mohd. Siraj. His opening partner Sunil Narine joined the party and took over the aggressors role smashing five powerful sixes to take KKR to 85/0 at the end of the Powerplay. The visitors hit four fours and seven sixes inside the first six overs to set the tone.

A quick-fire 47 off just 22 deliveries An entertaining opening act from Sunil Narine comes to an end Head to  and  to watch the match LIVE   

 IndianPremierLeague  March 29 2024
Faf du Plessis then introduced spin into the attack for the first time in the seventh over and it did the trick as Mayank Dager cleaned up the dangerous Narine on 4722 via a quicker one. Impact Player Vijaykumar Vyshak then struck another crucial blow dismissing Salt 30 off 20 in the next over. Vyshak had a chance to make it two wickets in two overs but Dayal dropped Shreyas Iyer on 9 in the 10th over as KKR reached 112/2 at the half way mark.
Venkatesh Iyer then took the attack to Alzarri Joseph and smashed a couple of sixes and as many fours to take 20 off the 11th over. Iyer looked confident and at ease as he brought up his fifty off just 29 balls.

Venkatesh F-IYER Head to  and  to watch the match LIVE   

 IndianPremierLeague  March 29 2024
Venkatesh and Shreyas added 75 off 45 balls to bring the equation down to 16 needed off 30. Venkatesh 50 off 30 departed soon after getting to his fifty. Shreyas 39* off 24 though took over the mantle and finished it off in style with a six as KKR chased down the target with 19 balls to spare. 
Earlier Kolkata Knight Riders captain won the toss and elected to field. RCB got off to a breezy start but lost captain Faf du Plessis in the process. KKR pacer Harshit Rana struck early in the second over as he bounced back strongly to dismiss Faf du Plessis via a slower one after being scooped for a six over third man off the previous delivery. Du Plessis had adjusted well to scoop one over third man and he tried to scoop one over fine leg off the next but the pace off the ball did him in and he mistimed his scoop to short fine leg. Virat Kohli and Cameron Green then went on the counter-attack and hit five fours and two sixes inside the Powerplay to take RCB to 61/1.

2 high quality shots 2 maximum resultsPredict Virat Kohlis final score tonight Watch the match LIVE on  and  Match Updates       

 IndianPremierLeague  March 29 2024
Kohli and Green added 65 off 42 and just as the partnership was growing bigger and better Andre Russell provided a crucial breakthrough cleaning up Green 33 off 21 after being hit for a six off the previous ball. The visitors kept it tight for the next couple of overs not conceding a single boundary.
Kohli and Maxwell finally brough the momentum back with some attacking strokes as Kohli brought up his second consecutive fifty off 36 balls with a six and a single.
KKR had a chance to break the stand in the 13th over but Ramandeep Singh dropped Maxwell at deep mid-wicket on 11. And they gave another reprieve to Maxwell in the next over as Narine dropped one off Rana on 23. Narine however made up for it as he sent back Maxwell 28 off 19 off the first ball of the next over. KKR again managed to peg things back with Russell striking once again to dismiss Rajat Patidar as RCB reached 148/4 at the end of 17 overs.
KKR introduced Angkrish Raghuvanshi as their Impact Player replacing Varun Chakaravarthy who completed his quota of four overs in the 18th over.
The visitors kept chipping away at the wickets as Rana came back to dismiss Anuj Rawat and gave away just five in the 18th over. RCB managed just 29/3 from the 15–18-over phase.
Karthik 20 off 8 and Kohli then provided a vital final push cracking four sixes in the last two overs to take RCB to 182/6 at the end of 20 overs. Kohli remained unbeaten on 83 off 59 hitting four fours and as many sixes.

Date 28 Mar 2024

TATA IPL 2024 Match 09  RR Vs DC - Match Report


A magnificent knock of 84*45 from Riyan Parag powered Rajasthan Royals to their second win in a row as they edged Delhi Capitals by 12 runs in Match 9 of TATA IPL 2024 at the Sawai Mansingh Stadium in Jaipur.
Parag helped the hosts recover from 36/3 and post a competitive 185/5 hitting some scintillating strokes on his way to 84* off 45.
Impact Player Nandre Burger 2/29 and Yuzvendra Chahal 2/19 then led RRs charge with the ball in the Powerplay and the middle overs respectively before Avesh Khan bowled a fantastic final over to defend 17 and seal a brilliant win for RR.
Chasing 186 Delhi Capitals got off to a brisk start but lost Mitchell Marsh and Ricky Bhui in the Powerplay. Warner and Marsh added 30 from 3.1 overs for the opening wicket before Impact Player Nandre Burger cleaned up Marsh 23 off 12 with a beauty and then bounced out Ricky Bhui two balls later with a searing bouncer.

Powerplay brilliance Nandre Burger is breathing  at the moment Head to  &  to watch the match LIVE    

 IndianPremierLeague  March 28 2024
Warner thought counter-attacked and hit three sixes and a four off the next two overs to take DC to 59/2 at the end of the Powerplay.
RR had a glorious chance to dismiss the dangerous-looking Warner after his mix-up with Rishabh Pant in the 9th over but the bowler R Ashwin failed to gather the throw with Warner struggling to get back at the non-strikers end after being sent back by Pant. Warner and Pant mixed caution with aggression and added 67 off 45 balls but a moment of brilliance broke the partnership as Sandeep Sharma pulled off a splendid catch of Warner 49 off 34 at short third man off Avesh Khan in the 12th over.

  Sandeep Sharma with an unbelievable catch to dismiss David Warner Head to  and  to watch the match LIVE    

 IndianPremierLeague  March 28 2024
DC lost two in quick succession as Yuzvendra Chahal had Pant caught behind in the 14th over to jolt the visitors. DC then sent in Abishek Porel as the Impact Player but he couldnt make a significant impact as he holed out to long off off Chahal in the 16th over.
Sandeep and Chahal bowled brilliantly in the middle to seize control for the home side.
With 60 needed off 24 balls Stubbs pressed the accelerator button smashing two sixes off Ashwin in the 17th over and accumulating 19 runs to bring the equation down to 41 needed off 18. Avesh bowled a decent 18th over to give away 9 runs.
With 32 needed off 12 Stubbs cracked a six and a four off the first two balls off the penultimate over but Sandeep bounced back hard to concede just five off the next four balls.
With 17 needed off the final over Avesh Khan bowled a brilliant final over held his nerve nailed his yorkers and conceded just four singles to win the match by 12 runs for RR.
Tristan Stubbs remained unbeaten on 4423 while Axar Patel remained not out on 1513.
Earlier Delhi Capitals captain Rishabh Pant won the toss and elected to field. It was a special moment and game for the DC captain as he was playing his 100th IPL match and to celebrate the occasion he was presented with a special jersey before the start of the game.
Delhi Capitals got off to a very good start and restricted Rajasthan Royals to 31/2 in the Powerplay.The pacersKhaleel Ahmed Mukesh Kumar and Anrich Nortjestarted off well bowled with discipline and gave very little away. RR couldnt get going to start off and scored just 12/1 in the first three overs. Mukesh Kumar provided a vital breakthrough upfront cleaning up Yashasvi Jaiswal with a beauty in the second over.

CASTLED Early success for Mukesh Kumar &   lose Yashasvi JaiswalHead to  and  to watch the match LIVE   

 IndianPremierLeague  March 28 2024
Captain Sanju Samson then got going with three nicely timed fours off Mukesh Kumar in the fourth over. Nortje however bowled a frugal three-run over to keep RR in check. It helped bring a wicket as Khaleel struck another crucial blow as he had the in-form Sanju Samson caught behind to reduce RR to 31/2 at the end of the first six overs. RR managed just four fours inside the Powerplay.
RR struggled to find any momentum and it got worse for them as Kuldeep trapped Jos Buttler LBW via an excellent review. RR promoted R Ashwin up the order and he tried to up the ante with three powerful sixes.

MAXIMUMS  spin and pace Counter-attacking in style the R Ashwin way Head to  and  to watch the match LIVE     

 IndianPremierLeague  March 28 2024
The RR all-rounder added 5437 with Riyan Parag for the fourth wicket to somewhat stabilize RR. He however couldnt score big as he holed out to deep mid-wicket off Axar Patel on 29 in the 14th over.
Parag then took over the mantle and changed gears cracking a six and a couple of fours off Khaleel in the 15th over and then going after Mukesh in the next over smacking another four and a six to bring up his fifty off just 34 balls.
In between DC introduced Abishek Porel as their Impact Player in the 16th over replacing Khaleel Ahmed who completed a very good spell of 4-0-24-1.
Parag went from strength to strength and hit some more scintillating strokes thereafter smashing 58 off his last 19 balls. He got together with Jurel 20 off 12 and Shimron Hetmyer 14* off 7 to provide the crucial final flourish and help RR post 185/5. Parag went berserk in the final over smashing 44646 off Nortje to accumulate 25 off the over. The home side scored 92/1 in the last six overs as Parag remained unbeaten on 8445.
RR introduced Nandre Burger as their Impact Player replacing Shimron Hetmyer at the start of the second innings.

Date 27 Mar 2024

TATA IPL 2024 Match 08  SRH Vs MI - Match Report


It was raining records at the Rajiv Gandhi International Stadium in Hyderabad with the hosts Sunrisers Hyderabad SRH clinching a 31-run victory over the Mumbai Indians MI in Match 8 of the Tata Indian Premier League IPL 2024. Sunrisers Hyderabad’s SRH mind-boggling batting rewrote the record books on a batting belter. By posting 277 for three SRH now have the highest team score in the history of the Tata IPL – beating Royal Challengers Bangalore’s RCB 263 for five from the 2013 season. In reply MI made a spirited effort and at one stage were contenders to do the near impossible. In the slog overs the enormity of the target proved a bit too much and SRH clinched victory but not without numerous nervous moments.
To put into perspective the carnage we witnessed – Heinrich Klaasen’s 23-ball half-century was the slowest fifty of the SRH innings. Travis Head playing his first match for SRH raced to the milestone in 18 balls. Abhishek Sharma got there even faster – in 16 balls – to record the quickest fifty by an SRH batter in IPL history.
Hardik Pandya the MI captain won the toss and chose to bowl first. Kwena Maphaka was brought into the side in place of Luke Wood to make his Tata IPL debut – one of the youngest in the tournament’s history at the age of 17and was handed the new ball.
SRH took charge early courtesy of Travis Head who got going from ball one driving one off the backfoot for four in the first over. Pandya brought himself on for the second over and Head smashed one like a bullet through mid-on but it burst through Tim David’s hands to go to the boundary.

A   for  Travis Head is back in  & how Follow the match   

 IndianPremierLeague  March 27 2024
Head made MI pay for that dropped catch as he cut drove and flicked with ease. There were occasions when he also glided the ball over short third-man for four. With Head going strong at one end Mayank Agarwal tried to break free at the other but Pandya had him dismissed in the fifth over when he tried to pull him over mid-on.
That brought Abhishek Sharma to the wicket – who matched Head shot for shot. The sweeps over the leg-side were eye-catching in particular as he picked up seven sixes during his innings. Head was dismissed for a 24-ball 62 in the eighth over when he tried to hit one over backward point. By then SRH were already 113.

Abhishek Sharmas scintillating knock comes to an end but hes put  on  with his astonishing strokes Head to  and  to watch the match LIVE   

 IndianPremierLeague  March 27 2024
Abhishek’s dazzling show continued as he kept putting pressure on the MI bowlers. At the halfway mark SRH got close to 150 and the record seemed to be under threat. Abhishek’s power-packed 63 ended when he tried to clear wide long-on but was caught in the deep.
If MI thought they could now make inroads they ran into Klaasen and Aiden Markram. Klaasen continued from where he left off in Kolkata. Markram held one end and farmed the strike attacking only on a few occasions. It was Klaasen who kept the momentum with SRH and continued to trouble the MI bowlers. The 116-run unbeaten stand took SRH to the record score with Klaasen racing to 80 off 34 balls featuring seven sixes.

The moment when  created HISTORYFinal over flourish ft. Heinrich Klaasen Head to  and  to watch the match LIVE   

 IndianPremierLeague  March 27 2024
At the half-way stage not many would have given MI a shot at the Mount Everest of Tata IPL. However Ishan Kishan and Rohit Sharma took a leaf out of SRH’s book and essayed some great shots to power MI to a great start. Kishan’s pyrotechnics helped MI race to 50 inside three overs. He was soon dismissed for a 13-ball 34. The following over Rohit was dismissed for a 12-ball 26 trying to pull across the line to Pat Cummins. With MI at 66 for two in the fifth over SRH had made a comeback.
MI’s young brigade in the middle order ignited their hopes again continuing the charge and taking on the SRH bowlers. Naman Dhir 30 off 14 balls and Tilak Varma 64 off 34 put on an aggressive 84-run stand in a little over six overs. As a result MI raced to 150 in the 11th over with the impossible looking possible.

Tilak Varma has kept the run chase alive with cracking strokes Mumbai Indians 119/2 after 9 overs Head to  and  to watch the match LIVE   

 IndianPremierLeague  March 27 2024
Tilak’s knock stood out for its class as he was equally attacking through the leg and off-side. A cover drive that went for six off leg-spinner Mayank Markande stood out. Varma got to his fifty in 24 balls.
However Dhir’s dismissal in the 11th over put the breaks on MI. Pandya promoted himself in the batting line-up and got off to a great start with a six and four off Markande. SRH then slowed the scoring rate with a five-run over in the 13th. Tilak tried to go big off Cummins but holed out in the 15th over.
From there on SRH took control as MI couldn’t find the boundaries regularly. Jaydev Unadkat had a massive role to play for SRH as he conceded only 19 runs off his last two in the slog overs and accounted for Pandya’s wicket. Cummins and Markande then completed the formalities for SRH.
This match witnessed 523 runs being scored and 38 sixes hit across the two innings – both being records in a Tata IPL match and T20 cricket overall. The SRH fans rejoiced in a victory to start off their home leg in the Tata IPL 2024 as the statisticians updated all their record books.

Date 26 Mar 2024

TATA IPL 2024 Match 07  CSK Vs GT - Match Report


If ever there is an ideal example of a team effort in a T20 match Chennai Super Kings’s CSK victory over Gujarat Titans GT at the MA Chidambaram Stadium would serve as a template. The Tata Indian Premier League IPL 2024 is off to a great start for the defending champions as they recorded a 63-run win over last year’s finalists GT and sounded an intimidating roar from their famous den.
On being invited to bat first CSK made their attacking intentions clear from the outset courtesy of Rachin Ravindra. The left-hander started his IPL career with an aggressive knock against Royal Challengers Bangalore RCB and carried that into this match with an explosive 46 off 20 to set the tone for CSK.
Ruturaj Gaikwad had some fortune early on when he was dropped at first slip in the first over. With Gaikwad then holding one end Ravindra unleashed an array of great shots to entertain the Chennai crowd. By the time Ravindra was dismissed CSK had sped to 62 within six overs.
Gaikwad maintained the tempo after Ravindra’s dismissal – keeping the scoring rate over 10 an over. R Sai Kishore had a decent start to his spell and the wicket of Ajinkya Rahane in the 11th over was a big reward. A couple of overs later Spencer Johnson induced an edge off Gaikwad’s bat.
Shivam Dube walked in at 127 for three in the 12th over. GT may have felt they could put pressure on CSK with the set batters back in the hut. Dube smashed the first two balls he faced off R Sai Kishore for sixes and never looked back thereafter.

Starting in style the Shivam Dube way Clean striking from the  all-rounder Head to  and  to watch the match LIVE     

 IndianPremierLeague  March 26 2024
Daryl Mitchell had the best seat in the house as Dube attacked the GT bowlers racing his way to a fifty in only 20 balls with five sixes and two fours. The left-hander has had a great run of form over the last year and lived up to it in this game. Rashid Khan ended the Dube onslaught in the 19th over when he holed out in the covers.
Inspired by the Dube blitz Sameer Rizvi walked out for his maiden innings of the Tata IPL. The youngster wrote his name in the record books by smashing his first ball for six. Showing no signs of nerves he swept Rashid over square-leg for six and followed it up with another maximum by lofting one over log-off. This personified CSK’s approach through the day as a youngster effectively making his debut showed no nerves and walked onto the big stage with panache.

Sameer Rizvi has announced his arrival at the  Two confident strokes with maximum result Head to  &  to watch the match LIVE  

 IndianPremierLeague  March 26 2024
The 207-run target was always going to be a huge challenge for GT but their captain Shubman Gill showcased his intentions when he lofted his first ball for a six over long-off. Wriddhiman Saha essayed some confident shots early on and picked boundaries. However Deepak Chahar opened the account for CSK when he trapped Gill leg-before in the third over.
It was then an uphill task for GT getting steeper and steeper with each passing over. With wickets falling at regular intervals the pressure only intensified on the batters that walked into the middle. Sai Sudharsan GT’s Player of the Match in their season opener tried to hold the innings together with a 31-ball 37 but the innings never got going for the visitors.
The CSK bowlers backed the efforts of their batters with a complete team effort. Chahar’s two for 28 to begin with and Tushar Deshpande’s two for 21 in the middle overs helped keep the pressure on the GT batters. Matheesha Pathirana played his first match of this edition and marked it with the wicket of Sai Sudharsan. Mustafizur Rahman’s two wickets helped him clinch the Purple Cap at the end of the game.
With CSK’s victory in this game the streak of teams winning at home in the Tata IPL 2024 continues.

Date 25 Mar 2024

TATA IPL 2024 Match 06  RCB Vs PBKS - Match Report


Virat Kohlis authoritative 7749 helped Royal Challengers Bengaluru register their first win of the TATA IPL 2024 as they beat Punjab Kings by wickets at the M Chinnaswamy Stadium in Bengaluru.
Kohli who was dropped off the second ball of the innings made PBKS pay with some delightful strokeplay to set the platform. Dinesh Karthik 28* off 10 and Impact Player Mahipal Lomror 17* off 8 then provided the final flourish stitching an unbeaten 48-run stand off 18 balls to help RCB chased down 177 in the final over.
Earlier a disciplined bowling display had helped the home side restrict PBKS to 176/6.
Chasing 177 RCB got off to a fortuitous start as Jonny Bairstow dropped Virat Kohli at slip off the second ball of the innings off Curran. Kohli then added salt to the wounds by cracking three fours in the over to make it 16 off the first over.

 King Kohli is off the mark in the chase and how Head to  and  to watch the match LIVE     

 IndianPremierLeague  March 25 2024
Kohli then showcased his range with some delightful shots but RCB lost two inside the Powerplay with Kagiso Rabada sending back captain Faf du Plessis and Cameron Green. RCB reached 50/2 at the end of the Powerplay with 35 of them scored by Kohli.
PBKS pulled things back with some disciplined bowling. Kohli and Patidar hit a six each off Chahar to up the ante. Kohli brought up his fifty off 31 balls but then Patidar departed in the next over looking to accelerate as he was cleaned up by Harpreet Brar.
Kohli cracked a six and a four off Harshal to bring 15 runs off the 12th over but Brar struck another crucial blow to dismiss Maxwell in the next over. Brar and Rabada finished off with fantastic spells of 2/13 and 2/23 respectively as PBKS built pressure in the middle overs.
With 59 needed off 30 Kohli smashed a couple of powerful fours off Harshal but the PBKS pacer bounced back to have Kohli caught at third man off the last ball of the over to provide a seminal moment in the game. One brought two as Curran trapped Anuj Rawat LBW.
RCB then sent Mahipal Lomror as their Impact Player replacing Yash Dayal. With 47 needed off 22 Lomror and Karthik smashed 37 off the next 16 balls to bring the equation down to 10 needed off the last over.
Karthik started off the final over in style scooping the first ball of the final over from Arshdeep for a six over fine leg. Under pressure Arshdeep bowled a WIDE next ball. With 3 needed off 5 Karthik smashed one down the ground for a four to finish it off in style.

What a finish What a chase An unbeaten 48*-run partnership between  and  wins it for the home team  register a 4-wicket win   

 IndianPremierLeague  March 25 2024
Earlier Royal Challengers Bengaluru captain Faf du Plessis won the toss and elected to field.
The home side got off to a decent start dismissing Jonny Birstow early and restricting PBKS to 40/1 in the Powerplay. Siraj struck first as he bounced back strongly to dismiss Bairstow after the PBKS opener had cracked back-to-back fours off the RCB pacer.
Captain Shikhar Dhawan looked in good touch and he along with Prabhsimran Singh mixed caution and aggression to add 55 off 38 balls. But the introduction of Glenn Maxwell brought a wicket for RCB at the right time as Prabhsimran top-edged his pull and the keeper made no mistake. It was another case of a strong comeback from an RCB bowler after being hit for a six off the previous ball.


8.4 8.5 Glenn Maxwell wins the battle against Prabhsimran Singh Head to  and  to watch the match LIVE      

 IndianPremierLeague  March 25 2024
Liam Livingstone tried to accelerate straightaway after arriving at the crease but Alzarri Joseph bowled a fantastic 12th over built the pressure and dismissed Livingstone in the same over caught behind. PBKS received a big blow off the first ball of the next over as Maxwell had the set Dhawan 45 off 37 caught at long off to make it two wickets in two balls for the home side. A mixed few overs followed. PBKS couldnt get the desired acceleration and then Yash Dayal provided a wicket at a crucial juncture by having Curran caught behind off a sharp bouncer with Anuj Rawat pulling off a brilliant leaping catch. RCB got another vital wicket in the next over as Siraj bounced out Jitesh Sharma 27 off 20. Siraj was brilliant with his final two overs conceding just eight runs and picking up a wicket.
Shashank Singh then provided much-needed late surge smashing a couple of sixes and a four off Joseph to take 20 off the final over and help PBKS post 176/6. PBKS introduced Arshdeep Singh as their Impact Player at the start of the second innings replacing Prabhsimran Singh.

Date 24 Mar 2024

TATA IPL 2024 Match 05  GT Vs MI - Match Report


In a game that witnessed momentum swing like a pendulum between the two sides the Gujarat Titans GT pulled off a narrow six-run victory over Mumbai Indians MI to start their Tata Indian Premier League IPL 2024 campaign. It came down to the last over with MI needing 19. Hardik Pandya flat-batted the first ball over cover for a massive six and then hit one along the ground to the boundary. Umesh Yadav held his nerve and produced a short ball that made Pandya pull it straight to long-on. Piyush Chawla then hit the fourth ball straight to deep mid-wicket as the huge crowd at the Narendra Modi Stadium in Ahmedabad celebrated an impending win. Umesh finished the job and ensured the win for GT.

Now thats a   Umesh Yadav with the all important wicket of Hardik Pandya when it mattered the most Watch the match LIVE on  and  Match Updates        

 IndianPremierLeague  March 24 2024
For a major part of MI’s innings it looked like they were on course to victory. Chasing a target of 169 MI got off to a tough start when Ishan Kishan edged the fourth ball of the innings to wicketkeeper Wriddhiman Saha. Debutant Azmatullah Omarzai got the new ball to swing away from Kishan who poked at it.Naman Dhir settled in and attacked during Omarzai’s second over smashing three fours before lofting one into the stands over long-off. Omarzai then came back by trapping him leg-before off the last ball.
Dewald Brevis was introduced as an Impact Player in place of Luke Wood and controlled proceedings with Rohit Sharma. The duo kept up the tempo of the run-chase attacking the GT bowling almost every over. Their attacking intent was evident with Rohit taking on Umesh Yadav in the fourth over. Brevis the promising batter essayed some great shots. One of the highlights was an upper-cut for six which welcomed Spencer Johnson to the Tata IPL.
The 77-run stand put MI on course before R Sai Kishore trapped Rohit leg-before for 43. GT managed to pull things back thereafter as they conceded only one boundary across the next four overs. With five overs in hand MI needed 43 runs with seven wickets in hand. Brevis’s attractive 46 ended when he hit one back to Mohit Sharma who held on to a remarkable reflex catch in his follow through.
GT’s bowling came together in the slog overs. Johnson delivered a crucial penultimate over. Despite being hit for six off the first ball he kept it tight thereafter and accounted for two scalps. The game then moved towards that dramatic finale featuring Umesh.
It was a game of firsts with Shubman Gill making his captaincy debut in the Tata IPL and leading GT. Pandya too was captaining MI for the very first time in the tournament. As many as five players made their Tata IPL debuts during this match. GT introduced Omarzai and Johnson whereas MI brought in Dhir Wood and Gerald Coetzee.
Earlier Pandya won the toss and chose to bowl first. In an innings where the home side started off well and looked set to post an imposing score MI’s pace bowling pair of Jasprit Bumrah 3/14 and debutant Gerald Coetzee 2/27 helped restrict GT to 168 for six.
The 2023 edition’s Most Valuable Player Shubman Gill started off confidently on his captaincy debut and essayed typical classy shots on his way to a 22-ball 31 featuring three fours and a six. Saha too got off to a good start before a trademark Bumrah yorker castled his bat and shattered the woodwork.

Just Bumrah Things  on target in his first over  reach 47/1 after 6 oversWatch the match LIVE on  and  Match Updates      

 IndianPremierLeague  March 24 2024
Sai Sudharsan’s innings of 45 helped keep the GT innings together as they lost wickets at regular intervals in the second half of their innings. Omarzai showed glimpses of good form during his 17a six down the ground being a big highlight.
Bumrah returned in the slog overs and dismissed the dangerous David Miller with a wonderfully disguised slower ball to begin the 17th over. Sai Sudharshan holed out towards deep square leg two balls later to further dent GT’s charge. Rahul Tewatia’s 22 off 15 balls pyrotechnics towards the end helped GT post 168.

Date 24 Mar 2024

TATA IPL 2024 Match 04  RR Vs LSG - Match Report


Captain Sanju Samsons powerful knock of 82*52 coupled with some brilliant Powerplay and slog-overs bowling helped Rajasthan Royals get off to a winning start as they beat Lucknow Super Giants by 20 runs in Match 4 of the TATA IPL 2024 at the Sawai Mansingh Stadium in Jaipur.
Samson 82 and Riyan Parag 43 off 29 stitched a brilliant 93-run sand off 59 balls to help RR post a competitive 193/4. The RR pacers Trent Boult and Nandre Burger set the tone with three wickets in the Powerplay. Sandeep Sharma R Ashwin and Avesh Khan then bowled brilliantly in the slog overs after LSGs fightback to defend 60 off the last five overs and start off with a win.
Chasing 194 LSG were jolted early as Trent Boult did Trent Boult things and picked up a wicket in the first over sending back Quinton de Kock. He made it two in two overs cleaning up Devdutt Padikkal with a beauty. Nandre Burger then picked up his maiden IPL wicket as he had Ayush Badoni caught at mid off.

ᴛʜᴇ ʟᴇᴛ ᴀʀᴍ ʀᴀᴍᴘᴀɴᴛ Trent Boult & Nandre Burger get 3 wickets in the power play for   &  with the rebuilding Watch the match LIVE on  and  Follow the match  

 IndianPremierLeague  March 24 2024
LSG sent in Deepak Hooda as their Impact Player replacing Yash Thakur. He started off aggressively straightaway hitting a six and a four off his first three balls. He got together with KL Rahul and took the aggressive route bringing up LSGs fifty in the seventh over. Samson then introduced Yuzvendra Chahal into the attack and the leg-spinner struck in the first over dismissing Hooda. After a couple of frugal overs Nicholas Pooran and Rahul upped the ante as Rahul took the attack to Burger cracking a six and a couple of fours to take 17 runs off it. Pooran too changed gears as he smashed a couple of sixes and a four to take 20 runs off Boult. Rahul brought up his fifty off 35 balls. The pair added 85 runs but with 49 needed off 24 Sandeep Sharma provided a crucial moment in the match having Rahul 58 off 44 caught at deep point. RR struck again in quick succession as R Ashwin had Marcus Stoinis caught at deep mid-wicket. In between Pooran brought up his fifty off 30 balls. With 38 needed off 12 Pooran cracked a couple of fours off Sharma but it was still a good over for RR as it went for just 11. With 27 required off 6 Avesh Khan bowled a superb last over to give away just six runs and win it for RR. Pooran remained unbeaten on 64 off 41 balls.
Earlier Rajasthan Royals captain Sanju Samson won the toss and elected to bat.
The home side were jolted early as Naveen-ul-Haq had Jos Buttler caught behind in the second over after being hit for a couple of fours earlier in the over. Yashasvi Jaiswal and Sanju Samson mixed caution with aggression and added 36 off 18 balls. The pair had hit a four and two sixes off the fifth over from Mohsin Khan but the LSG Pacer bounced back to dismiss the dangerous Jaiswal 24 off 12 off the final ball of the over via a sharp bouncer which Jaiswal mistimed to mid on. RR moved to 54/2 at the end of the Powerplay.

. on target Both openers dismissed  63/2 after 8 oversWatch the match LIVE on  and  Follow the Match    

 IndianPremierLeague  March 24 2024
The LSG spinners slowed down things but the introduction of pacer Yash Thakur saw Samson and Parag up the ante as they hit three sixes in the 9th over to accumulate 21 runs.
While Krunal Pandya kept things tight and finished his spell with figures of 4-0-19-0 Samson and Parag went after Bishnoi cracking a couple of sixes to bring up RRs hundred in the 11th over and the 50-run stand as well.
Riyan Parag then got lucky as Mohsin misjudged a high catch and couldnt reach it after Parag had miscued his pull off Bishnoi. Samson brought up his half-century off 33 balls off the next ball. The pair added 93 off 59 balls before Naveen finally provided the much-needed breakthrough via a slower bouncer which Parag 43 off 29 miscued to deep square leg in the 15th over.
After a quiet over LSG got another one as Bishnoi had Shimron Hetmyer caught behind. Samson and Dhruv Jurel though continued the momentum and took RR to 193/4. Samson remained unbeaten on 82 off 52 balls while Jurel hit 20* off 12.
RR introduced Nandre Burger as their Impact Player in place of Shimron Hetmyer at the end of the first innings.
Next

Date 23 Mar 2024

TATA IPL 2024 Match 03  KKR Vs SRH - Match Report


A magnificent final over from Harshit Rana defending 13 runs and a spectacular all-round performance from Andre Russell 64 off 25 & 2/25 helped Kolkata Knight Riders edge Sunrisers Hyderabad in a thriller in Match 3 of the Tata IPL 2024 at the Eden Gardens in Kolkata.
A sensational whirlwind innings of 63 from 29 balls from Heinrich Klaasen had almost pulled the game out of the clutches of KKR but Rana bowled a brilliant final over to win the match by four runs for KKR.
Earlier Russell went on a six-hitting spree and smashed 64 off 25 as he along with Ramandeep Singh 35 off 17 helped KKR recover from 119/6 and post a formidable 208/7.
Chasing 209 SRH openers Mayank Agarwal and Impact Player Abhishek Sharma who replaced T Natarajan got SRH off to a solid start scoring 60 inside the Powerplay. The pair hit six fours and three sixes in the first five overs but Harshit Rana provided the breakthrough in the last over of the Powerplay having Mayank Agarwal 32 off 21 caught at deep square leg off a short delivery.
After a quiet over from Sunil Narine Russell came into the attack and he struck straightaway in his first over bouncing out Sharma 32 off 19. KKR introduced Suyash Sharma as the Impact Player replacing Ramandeep Singh.
Aiden Markram and Rahul Tripathi got together and added 36 runs. Tripathi got lucky twice as he was dropped at first by Varun Chakaravarthy and then given not out on an LBW shout. KKR decided not to review it and the replays showed all three reds. With the partnership building Shreyas Iyer brought back Chakaravarthy and he brought his captain the wicket dismissing Markram. Tripathis luck finally ran out as he holed out to deep square leg off Narine. The required rate kept rising. With 94 needed off 36 Heinrich Klaasen cracked a couple of sixes off Chakaravarthy. But Starc came back to bowl a brilliant over giving away just five.
With 76 needed off 24 Samad smacked a six and a four off Russell but the KKR all-rounder bounced back to dismiss Samad in the same over. With 60 needed off 18 Klaasen and Shahbaz Ahmed smashed three sixes off Chakaravarthy in the next over to keep SRH afloat. Klaasen then brought up his fifty in style with three sixes off Starc and Shahbaz finished the over with a six to make it 26 off the over and bring the equation down to 13 needed off the last over.
Harshit Rana was handed the ball to bowl the last over and Klaasen smacked the first ball for a humongous six. A single followed but Shahbaz holed out to long on off the next ball. Marco Jansen managed just a single off his first ball but the match turned around again as Rana had Klaasen 63 off 29 brilliantly caught at short third man by Suyash Sharma off a slower one.

Plot Twist Suyash Sharmas    dismisses Heinrich Klaasen Scorecard     

 IndianPremierLeague  March 23 2024
With five needed off the last ball Harshit Rana bowled a clever slower one again outside off and captain Pat Cummins swung and missed to spark exuberant celebrations in the KKR camp.
Earlier Sunrisers Hyderabad captain Pat Cummins won the toss and elected to field.
SRH bounced back strongly in the Powerplay after Kolkata Knight Riders had gotten off to a breezy start. They picked up the wickets of Sunil Narine Venkatesh Iyer and Shreyas Iyer inside the first six overs. Phil Salt went berserk in the second over smacking three consecutive sixes off Marco Jansen but the eventful over saw Narine get run out after a slight miscommunication. T Natarajan then started off brilliantly dismissing Venkatesh Iyer and Shreyas Iyer in the fourth over.

Sunil Narine Venkatesh Iyer Shreyas Iyer  bowlers start off on a positive note Follow the match     

 IndianPremierLeague  March 23 2024
Salt and Nitish Rana then tried to stabilise things but Mayank Markande struck in his first over sending back Rana in the 8th over. Ramandeep Singh 35 off 17 then provided the crucial impetus with some powerful hitting but a brilliant diving catch from Mayank Markande halted his charge in the 13th over as he pulled off a splendid catch at cover off Pat Cummins.
Salt then brought up his fifty with a four but he couldnt convert it into a big one as he departed in the same over. Jansen pulled off another superb catch on the fence off Markande to dismiss Salt 54 off 40.
Andre Russell arrived at the crease and after a cautious first few balls started the sixathon. Rinku Singh 23 off 15 too joined the party as the duo smashed 81 runs off 33 balls to power KKR to 208/7. Russell smacked seven sixes and three fours and remained unbeaten on 64 off 25 balls.

Russells Muscles Andre Russell is hitting it out of park with ease Watch the match LIVE on  and  Match Updates        

 IndianPremierLeague  March 23 2024

Date 23 Mar 2024

TATA IPL 2024 Match 02  PBKS Vs DC - Match Report


Punjab Kings started off TATA IPL 2024 on a winning note as they edged Delhi Capitals by four wickets in Match 2 at the Maharaja Yadavindra Singh International Cricket Stadium in Mullanpur.
In the first IPL match at the new venue Sam Curran 63 off 47 and Liam Livingstone 38* off 21 played crucial knocks to help PBKS chase down 175 after a collective bowling effort had restricted DC to 174/9.
Chasing 175 PBKS got off to a brisk start but lost openers Shikhar Dhawan and Jonny Bairstow inside the Powerplay. Dhawan and Jonny Bairstow added 34 from the first three overs. They were off the blocks in style hitting four fours in the first over from Khaleel Ahmed. Ishant Sharma then provided the breakthrough as he cleaned up Dhawan.DC had another one in the over as Bairstow was run out at the non-strikers end after Sharma got finger-tips to a straight drive from Prabhsimran Singh and Bairstow was found short on the replay.

 Brings  dismisses both  openers in the same over Watch the match LIVE on  and  Follow the match     

 IndianPremierLeague  March 23 2024
Impact Player Prabhsimran Singh cracked a couple of fours in the next over to take PBKS to 53/2. DC received a blow int he final over of the Powerplay as Ishant had to leave the field after injuring his leg while fielding a ball. DC kept things tight and that brought a wicket as Kuldeep Yadav had Prabhsimran Singh caught at long on. Yadav struck again in the next over as he had Jitesh Sharma stumped via quick hands from Rishabh Pant.












View this post on Instagram






















A post shared by IPL 


Kuldeep could have had another one in his final over but Stubbs dropped Curran at long on when on 34.
With 63 needed off 36 Curran and Liam Livingstone upped the ante smacking two fours and a six off Mitchell Marsh taking 18 off the 15th over. Curran brought up his fifty off 39 balls. The pair hit the fifth gear and put PBKS in the drivers seat before Curran departed for 6447 in the penultimate over cleaned up by Khaleel. The left-arm pacer had two in two as he had Shashank Singh caught behind off a bouncer. Khaleel could have had a third in the over but Warner dropped Harpreet Brar at long on off the last ball of the over.
With 6 needed off 6 Sumit Kumar started off with a couple of wides. The third one was a dot but Livingstone finished it off in style with a huge six over deep mid-wicket to win it for the home side.
Earlier Punjab Kings captain Shikhar Dhawan won the toss and elected to field. It was a special moment for Rishabh Pant who made his comeback to competitive cricket after suffering a life-threatening road mishap on December 30th 2022.
Delhi Capitals got off to an aggressive start but lost Mitchell Marsh early. Warner and Marsh hit three fours and three sixes via some powerful strokeplay in their 39-run stand before Arshdeep Singh dismissed Marsh after being hit for a six off the earlier ball in the fourth over.
Warner though continued to attack and brought up DCs fifty with a cracking four and a scintillating scooped six off Rabada in the next over. DC reached 54/1 at the end of the Powerplay. Warner and Shai Hope continued the momentum with a 35-run stand off 28 balls but against the run of play Harshal Patel provided a vital breakthrough as he had David Warner caught behind off a bouncer via a successful review.
Rishabh Pant then arrived at a crease to a standing ovation and rapturous applause.

Look who is out in the middle to bat Follow the match          

 IndianPremierLeague  March 23 2024
Hope kept the scoreboard ticking but just as another mini partnership was growing Rabada came back to dismiss Hope 33 off 25 in the 11th over.

Harshal Patel & Kagiso Rabadaamongst the wickets   have now lost their top 3Watch the match LIVE on  and  Follow the match     

 IndianPremierLeague  March 23 2024
It sparked a collapse as two overs later Patel struck again to have Pant 18 off 13 caught at backward point. And in the next over Harpreet Brar had Ricky Bhui caught behind off another terrific review. DC lost half their side in the 14th over. Tristan Stubbs too didnt last long as he was caught brilliantly at wide long off by Shashank Singh off Rahul Chahar.
DC went from 94/2 to 128 for six in space of five overs. The wickets kept tumbling as Axar Patel who looked confident at the crease with a 12-ball 20 was then run out in the 18th over.
DC sent in Abishek Porel as their Impact Player replacing Ricky Bhui and he provided a crucial late burst with a scintillating 10-ball 32* to help DC post 174/9. Porel smashed 46446 to score 25 runs in the final over.
PBKS introduced Prabhsimran Singh as their Impact Player in the last over of the first innings.

Date 22 Mar 2024

TATA IPL 2024 Match 01  CSK Vs RCB - Match Report


A superb all-round performance saw defending champions Chennai Super Kings CSK beat Royal Challengers Bengaluru RCB by six wickets in the TATA IPL 2024 opener at the MA Chidambaram Stadium in Chennai.
A brilliant spell of 4/29 from Mustafizur Rahman coupled with some splendid fielding helped CSK restrict RCB to 173/6. Rachin Ravindra then impressed on his IPL debut with a power-packed 37 off 15 balls as a collective batting effort helped the home side chase down the target with eight balls to spare.
Chasing 174 CSK got off to a brisk start but lost captain Ruturaj Gaikwad in the process. Gaikwad and Rachin Ravindra cracked six fours and a six in their 38-run stand before RCBs Impact Player Yash Dayal had Gaikwad caught at first slip in the fourth over. Ravindra and Rahane then carried forward the momentum and added 33 off 18 but the introduction of spin brought a wicket for RCB as Karn Sharma had Ravindra 37 off 15 caught at deep square leg after being hit for a six off the previous ball.

6.5 - SIX 6.6 - OUTThat was an interesting passage of play Head to  and  to watch the match LIVEFollow the match      

 IndianPremierLeague  March 22 2024
Daryl Mitchell got into the groove with a couple of sixes off Karn as the home side reached 92/2 at the halfway mark.
Du Plessis then brought Cameron Green into the attack and he got a wicket in the first over having Rahane caught at deep square leg after being hit for a six off the previous ball. Shivam Dube then walked out as CSKs Impact Player replacing Mustafizur Rahman.

Anticipates well Times his jump to perfection Completes a superb catch That was a superb effort in the field from    Head to  and  to watch the match LIVEFollow the match      … 

 IndianPremierLeague  March 22 2024
Things slowed down a bit and the pressure got to CSK as Mitchell departed in the 13th over trying to up the scoring as Green picked up his second wicket.
With 64 needed off 45 balls Dube and Jadeja got together steadied the ship kept the scoreboard ticking and then upped the ante to chase the total down in 18.4 overs.
Impact Player Dube remained unbeaten on 34 off 28 while Jadeja remained not out on 25 off 17 as the duo added 66* runs off 37 balls to win the match for the hosts.

Talk about living upto the Impact Player tag  That was one fine knock from Shivam Dube in the chase  Scorecard         

 IndianPremierLeague  March 22 2024
Earlier Royal Challengers Bengaluru captain Faf du Plessis won the toss and elected to bat.
RCB got off to a breezy start but CSK bounced back to pick up three wickets inside the Powerplay. Du Plessis and Virat Kohli added 41 for the opening wicket. Du Plessis was the aggressor as he took the attack to the CSK bowlers right from the start. He started off with some brilliantly placed and timed shots before adding power to his strokes smashing four fours off the third over bowled by Deepak Chahar. Maheesh Theekshana brought some control giving away just four runs in the next over. Ruturaj Gaikwad then brought on Mustafizur Rahman in the fifth over and the move worked wonders as he provided the breakthrough having du Plessis who had hit eight fours caught at deep point with Rachin Ravindra pulling off a splendid diving catch. One brought two as Mustafizur had Rajat Patidar caught behind three balls later. Chahar then changed ends it worked as he had Glenn Maxwell caught behind and reduce RCB to 42/3 in the Powerplay.

All Happening HereFaf du Plessis Rajat Patidar Glenn Maxwell  bounced back & in some style   are 3 down for 42 in 6 oversHead to  and  to watch the match LIVEFollow the match   … 

 IndianPremierLeague  March 22 2024
Kohli and Cameron Green then steadied the ship with a 35-run stand but Mustafizur came back to get the big wicket of Kohli with Ajinkya Rahane and Ravindra pulling off a brilliant tag-team catch on the deep mid-wicket fence. Two balls later Mustafizur castled Green to leave RCB reeling at 79/5 at the end of 12 overs.
Dinesh Karthik 38* off 26 and Anuj Rawat 48 off 25 began the resurrection with a cautious approach to start off but they pressed the accelerator button from the 15th over and smashed 83 off six overs including 25 off the Tushar Deshpande over where the pair hit three sixes and a four.

. Dial 6 Anuj Rawat & Dinesh Karthik upping the ante  Head to  and  to watch the match LIVEFollow the match         

 IndianPremierLeague  March 22 2024
It was a period of sustained momentum as the duo added 95 runs from 50 balls for the sixth wicket to power RCB to 173/6. RCB introduced Yash Dayal as their Impact Player replacing Dinesh Karthik at the end of the first innings.

Date 29 May 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Final CSK Vs GT - Match Report


Ravindra Jadeja provided a grandstand finish hitting a six and a four with 10 needed off the last two balls to power Chennai Super Kings to their fifth IPL title as they beat defending champions Gujarat Titans by five wickets DLS Method in a thriller at the Narendra Modi Stadium in Ahmedabad.
Jadeja smashed 15* off 6 balls as a collection of cameos from Devon Conway 47 off 25 Ruturaj Gaikwad 26 off 16 Shivam Dube 32* off 21. Ajinkya Rahane 27 off 13 and Ambati Rayudu 19 off 8 helped CSK chase down 171 from 15 overs in a rain-shortened IPL final.
Earlier Sai Sudharsan had put on a stunning show on the big stage with a splendid 96 off 47 balls ably supported by Wriddhiman Saha 54 off 39 and Shubman Gill 39 20 to help GT post a mammoth 214/4 before rain forced the match to be shortened to 15 overs. 
Chasing 171 from 15 overs Ruturaj Gaikwad and Devon Conway got CSK off to a flier. Ruturaj got off the mark in style with a lovely square drive for a four off the third ball of the innings from Mohd. Shami. But soon after rain stopped play and the match was reduced to 15-overs with CSK having to chase a revised target of 171 runs. The revised playing conditions meant the Powerplay was reduced to four overs while a bowler could bowl a maximum of three overs.
As play resumed Gaikwad cracked another four in the unfinished first over as he pulled one through backward square leg to make it 10 runs off it. Devon Conway then got going straightaway as he lofted one over extra cover for a six off Hardik Pandya in the second over and then whipped one to fine leg for a four. He took the attack to Shami in the next over smacking two more fours to accumulate 11 off it.
Hardik Pandya introduced Rashid Khan early into the attack but the CSK batters went after him straightaway cracking a couple of fours and a six to take CSK to 52/0 at the end of the Powerplay 4th over.
Noor Ahmad bowled a good first over giving away just six but Josh Littles first over went for 14 as Conway thumped a pull over deep mid-wicket off the last ball of the sixth over.
The impressive Noor got the much-needed breakthrough for GT as he broke the 74-run opening stand by sending back Gaikwad 26 off 16 via a wrongun. CSK then sent out Shivam Dube as their Impact Player at No.3 replacing Matheesha Pathirana. Noor struck again off the final ball of the over to have Conway 47 off 25 caught at long off to peg CSK back.
Ajinkya Rahane arrived and got going in style with two exquisite sixes off Josh Little to make it a 16-run over. Noor Ahmad though balanced things out with another brilliant over giving away just five as he finished with impressive figures of 3-0-17-2.
Rahane got the momentum back again with a couple of fours off Rashid to bring the equation down to 60 needed off 30.Mohit Sharma arrived into the attack in the 11th over and struck straightaway to get the crucial wicket of Rahane 27 off 13 caught a deep point off a slower one. The GT pacer bowled a fantastic over and gave away just six as the equation came to 53 needed off 24 balls.Rashid bowled four good balls giving away just three in the 12th over but Dube finally found the middle of the bat as he thumped two sixes in a row to end the over on a high and amass 15 runs. Rayudu playing his last IPL match joined the party as he smacked the first ball of the 13th over from Mohit over long off for a six and then cracked a four off the next ball through extra cover then thumped another six but Mohit hit back hard to have him caught and bowled off the next ball and then got the huge wicket of MS Dhoni off he next ball as he had him caught at extra cover. The roller-coaster saw 17 runs scored and two wickets taken as the equation came down to 21 needed off 12.
Shami bowled a very good penultimate over to give away just eight. With 13 needed off the last over the experienced Mohit nailed four yorkers upfront and gave away just three runs. With 10 needed off two the tables turned again as Mohit missed his marker and Jadeja smacked a six over long on. With four needed off the last ball Mohit bowled a low full toss down the leg side and Jadeja swiped it to fine leg for a four to win it for CSK and spark wild celebrations.
Earlier Chennai Super Kings captain MS Dhoni won the toss and elected to bowl. They made one change to the starting line-up as Matheesha Pathirana replaced Shivam Dube. The four-time champions named Shivam Dube Mitchell Santner Subhranshu Senapati Shaik Rasheed and Akash Singh as their substitutes.
Gujarat Titans named an unchanged eleven. Josh Little KS Bharat Odean Smith Sai Kishore and Shivam Mavi made it to their substitutes list.
Chennai Super Kings started off well as they bowled with discipline and accuracy and could have had both the openers back in the hut inside the Powerplay. The four-time champions didnt give away any boundaries in the first two overs. And they could have had the in-form Shubman Gill back in the hut in as early as the second over but Deepak Chahar dropped one at backward square leg as Gill flicked one uppishly straight to the CSK pacer off Tushar Deshpande.
Wriddhiman Saha then opened up in the next over as he flicked one for a six and heaved the next for a four and then lofted one over cover to make it 16 off the Chahar over. Gill then joined the party as he made CSK pay for the drop with three delightful fours off Deshpande A short arm Jab through mid-wicket a flick through mid-wicket and a stand and deliver extra cover drive. Saha then got a bit lucky in the next over as he hit one uppishly straight back to Chahar who couldnt hold on to a tough chance off his own bowling.
MS Dhoni then introduced spin via Maheesh Theekshana in the sixth over and Gill went after him straightaway cracking three fours in a row to take GT to 62/0 at the end of the Powerplay.
Saha then got lucky not once but twice as he survived two run-out chances but then MS Dhoni provided a moment of brilliance as he sent back the dangerous Gill via lightning fast glovework to have him stumped off Ravindra Jadeja in the same over.
Jadeja helped CSK claw their way back as they kept things tight and gave away just 24 in the next four overs as GT reached 86/1 at the halfway mark.
Sai Sudharsan then provided some relief with a couple of well-placed fours through the off side off Matheesha Pathirana as GT took 13 from the over. Saha then reached his fifty off 36 balls with a four off Jadeja and Sudharsan followed it up with a six over mid-wicket.
Dhoni brought back Chahar in the 14th over and the CSK pacer broke the 65-run stand as he had Saha caught behind off a slower ball as Saha 54 off 39 top-edged his pull off a leg cutter. That wicket didnt deter Sudharsan though as he went on the counter-attack and hit a couple of sixes off Theekshana in the next over. He brought up his third fifty of the season as he cracked one through backward point for a four off Pathirana. He followed it up with a flicked four wide of mid on to make it 10 off the over. Sudharsan then went berserk in the next over off Deshpande hitting three fours and a six to amass 20 runs off it. Pathirana balanced things out slightly by not conceding a boundary and giving away nine off the 18th over.
Captain Pandya and Sudharsan then took on Deshpande in the penultimate over cracking a couple of sixes and a four to amass 18 off the over and take GT to 200. Sudharsan started the final over with two superb sixes but departed four short of his century off the next ball as he was trapped LBW by Pathirana. He reviewed it but the Ball Tracking replays showed all three reds. The youngster walked off to a standing ovation for his magnificent innings. Pathirana then removed Rashid Khan off the last ball as Gujarat Titans took 14 off the last over and posted 214/4.
Gujarat Titans introduced Josh Little as their Impact Player replacing Sai Sudharsan at the start of the second innings.
Brief Scores Chennai Super Kings 171/5 Devon Conway 47 Shivam Dube 32* Mohit Sharma 3/36 beat Gujarat Titans 214/4 Sai Sudharsan 96 Wriddhiman Saha 54 Matheesha Pathirana 2/44 by 5 wickets DLS Method

Date 26 May 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Qualifier 2 GT Vs MI - Match Report


Magnificent Shubman Gill dazzled in the Ahmedabad night sky to power Gujarat Titans into the IPL 2023 final with a 62-run win over Mumbai Indians in Qualifier 2 at the Narendra Modi Stadium.
Gallant Gill 129 off 60 smashed his third century of the season with some sensational strokeplay ably supported by Sai Sudharsan 43 off 31 to propel Gujarat Titans to a mammoth 233/3. Mohit Sharma then bowled a match-turning spell of 5/10 as a collective bowling effort saw Gujarat Titans bowl Mumbai Indians out for 171.
Chasing 234 Mumbai Indians were jolted early as Mohd. Shami had Impact Player Nehal Wadhera who had come out to open with Rohit Sharma following an injury to Ishan Kishan caught behind off just the fifth ball of the innings. MI then suffered another injury blow as Cameron Green had to go off retired hurt after being hit flush on the elbow off a short ball from Pandya. Things got worse for the away side as Rohit walked back in the next over top edging one high in the air with Josh Little taking a tricky catch safely.
Green then came back to bat after injuring his elbow earlier and continued the momentum with Suryakumar Yadav as the duo hit a slew of boundaries including three fours off Rashids over to take MI to 110/3. Hardik Pandya then brought Impact Player Josh Little into the attack and he struck in his first over to dismiss the in-form Green 30 off 20 and break the 51-run stand.
Tilak Varma though went on a stunning counter-attack as he hit four fours and a six off the Shami over. He cracked a four off Rashid Khan in the next over but the Afghanistan spinner bounced back hard to clean him up off the last ball of the Powerplay as MI reached 72/3 at the end of first six overs. Suryakumar then picked up the mantle and smashed a quick-fire 33-ball fifty as he kept MI in hunt along with Vishnu Vinod who replaced Ishan Kishan as a concussion substitute. In between Vinod got lucky as Shami couldnt hold on to a catch running backwards.
Mohit Sharma then arrived into the attack and provided a seminal moment in the match as he cleaned up Suryakumar Yadav 61 off 38 after the MI batter had cracked a six off the earlier delivery. MI lost the way from then on as Mohit dismissed Vinod in the same over before Rashid came back to trap Tim David LBW in the next over to reduce MI to 158/7. Mohit was unstoppable as he had Jordan and Piyush Chawla back in the hut in his next over and then picked up his fifth by having Kumar Kartikeya caught at long on to bowl MI out for 171. Mohit finished with sensational figures of 5/10 his best in IPL as GT cruised to a 62-run win.
Earlier Mumbai Indians captain Rohit Sharma won the toss and elected to bowl. They made one change to the starting XI as Kumar Kartikeya replaced Hrithik Shokeen. They named Ramandeep Singh Nehal Wadhera Vishnu Vinod Raghav Goyal and Sandeep Warrier as their substitutes.
Gujarat Titans made two changes to the starting eleven as B Sai Sudharsan and Vijay Shankar replaced Dasun Shanaka and Darshan Nalkande. Josh Little KS Bharat Odean Smith Sai Kishore and Shivam Mavi made it to Gujarat Titans substitutes list.
Gujarat Titans got off to a brisk start courtesy openers Wriddhiman Saha and Shubman Gill as the pair added 53 runs for the opening wicket. After a tight first over which saw Jason Behrendorff concede just three Shubman Gill opened his boundary account as he flicked one wide of short fine leg a four off Green. Saha hit his first boundary in the next over as he lofted one over mid on off Behrendorff.Madhwal then pinged Sahas helmet with a lethal bouncer as he missed his pull but Saha gave him a fantastic reply as he cracked one over point for a powerful four.
Gill continued to place them well as he clipped one wide of short fine leg for a four off Behrendorff and then Saha swiped one over square leg to end the over with a four and make it 11 off it.
Gill welcomed Chris Jordan into the attack in style with a six and a four off the first two balls. Jordan nearly made a perfect comeback as Gill hit one uppishly to mid on but Tim David couldnt hold on to a tough chance as GT reached 50/0 at the end of the Powerplay.
Rohit then brought Piyush Chawla into the attack and as he has done throughout the season the wily spinner struck in the first over as he outfoxed Saha with a clever delivery. He saw Saha dance down the track and darted in a quicker one down the leg side. Saha missed it and Kishan made no mistake. The two overs after Powerplay brought 14 runs and a wicket.
Gill and Sai Sudharsan brought back the momentum as the latter cracked a four off Chawla before Gill lofted one over the sightscreen to make it 16 off the over. Gill brought up yet another fifty off 32 balls and then smacked an 89m six over deep square leg in the same over off Kartikeya to take GT to 91/1. The GT opener got a bit lucky in the next over as he smashed one back to Green who couldnt hold on to a really tough catch. Gill then went absolutely berserk and smashed three sixes off Madhwal before taking on Chawla and hammering two sixes and a four to amass 20 runs off the over.
Sai Sudharsan joined the six-hitting party as he lofted one over long off for a six. Gill then brought up his third hundred of the season off just 49 balls in the 15th over from Green. He followed it up with two sixes and a four off Green which included a tennis-forehadesque smash over deep mid-wicket as they accumulated 19 off the over.
Akash Madhwal finally broke the 138-run stand and brought an end to a scintillating 129-run innings as he had Gill caught at deep mid-wicket. Gill walked off to a standing ovation by a rapturous crowd at the Narendra Modi Stadium. GT then tactically retired out Sai Sudharsan and Hardik Pandya then took the centrestage to provide the final flourish with 28 off 13 as GT posted a mammoth 233/3.
GT introduced Josh Little as their Impact Player replacing Shubman Gill while Nehal Wadhera was introduced as MIs Impact Player replacing Akash Madhwal at the start of the second innings. Wadhera walked out to open the batting with Rohit Sharma as Ishan Kishan who had injured himself and suffered concussion walked off the field following a collision with Jordan.

Date 24 May 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Eliminator LSG Vs MI - Match Report


Akash Madhwals sizzling maiden five-wicket haul 5/5 a collection of impactful batting cameos coupled with an electric fielding performance helped Mumbai Indians beat Lucknow Super Giants by 81 runs in the Eliminator and cruise into Qualifier 2 of the TATA IPL 2023.Impactful attacking cameos from Cameron Green 41 off 23 Suryakumar Yadav 33 off 20 Tilak Varma 26 off 22 and Impact Player Nehal Wadhera 23 off 12 propelled Mumbai Indians to a competitive 182/8. Akash Madhwal then took the centrestage on the big stage with a lethal spell of 5/5 to rip through LSGs batting order as theKrunalPandya-led side succumbed under pressure to get bowled out for 101 which included three run-outs.Chasing 183 LSG got off to a stuttering start as they lost Prerak Mankad early. They would have had Kyle Mayers back in the hut too but he got lucky in the first over as he survived a run out chance. Prerak Mankad hit one to point where Shokeen made a stunning one-handed stop and missed his direct hit at the non-strikers end as Mayers went back after being stranded mid-way due to a mix-up. He would have been well short had the fielder hit the stumps. Akash Madhwal then struck two balls later as Mankad mistimed his slash to third man where Shokeen was in action again and he made no mistake with the catch. Mayers18 off 13 luck didnt last long as he mistimed his pull to mid on off Jordan in the fourth over.MI could have had the dangerous Marcus Stoinis back in the hut in the next over but Wadhera misjudged a catch at deep point and fell short after putting in a dive chargingforward. Stoinis then went after Shokeen hitting a couple of well=place fours and a straight lofted six to amass 18 off the over and take LSG to 54/2 at the end of the Powerplay.Just when a partnership was developing the experienced Piyush Chawla struck to break the 46-run stand as he had captain Krunal Pandya8 off 11 caught at long on. The pressure was building and Ayush Badoni succumbed to it as he went for a swing across the line off Madhwal but missed it and found the off stump knocked down. Madhwal bowled a beauty next ball to have the dangerous Nicholas Pooran caught behind as MI reduced LSG to 75/5 at the halfway mark.It was all going downhill as Stoinis was run out after a clash mid-way with Hooda while looking to go for a tight second. A brilliant tag-team effort from Green and Rohit saw Gowtham run out as Rohit scored a direct hit from covers. Gowtham tapped it to point where Green made a diving stop and relayed it to Rohit Gowtham saw an opportunity for a single and set off but was sent back he was late as Rohit scored a direct hit and he was found well short.Akash Madhwal then came back and had Ravi Bishnoi caught at long on. The calamity continued as another massive mix up saw Deepak Hooda walk back to the hut in the same over as LSG crumbled to 100/9. Madhwal then fittingly finished the game off as he cleaned up Mohsin Khan with a cracking yorker to register his maiden five-wicket haul in the IPL and finish with the best figures in IPL 2023 so far with 3.5-0-5-5.Earlier Mumbai Indians captain Rohit Sharma won the toss and elected to bat. They made two changes to the starting XI as Tilak Varma and Hrithik Shokeen replaced Nehal Wadhera and Kumar Kartikeya. They named Ramandeep Singh Nehal Wadhera Vishnu Vinod Kumar Kartikeya Sandeep Warrier as their substitutes.Lucknow Super Giants also made two changes to the starting eleven as Deepak Hooda and Yash Thakur replaced Quinton de Kock and Karan Sharma. Kyle Mayers Daniel Sams Yudhvir Singh Swapnil Singh and Amit Mishra made it to their substitutes list.Mumbai Indians got off to a brisk start but lost captain Rohit Sharma and Ishan Kishan inside the Powerplay. Ishan Kishan started off in a positive fashion with a four through backward point off the first ball as LSG opened the bowling with captain Krunal Pandya. Kishan then hit a couple of fours off K Gowtham in the second over before Rohit Sharma went after Krunal cracking a six over long on and then sweeping one behind square leg for a four two balls later as the duo took 16 off the over. Krunal then introduced pace for the first time in the fourth over and Naveen-ul-Haq struck in his first over having Rohit 11 off 10 caught at extra cover.Cameron Green started off aggressively with a couple of fours one of which flew off the outside edge off Naveen but MI lost Kishan15 off 12 in the next over as he slashed at one but got an edge to the keeper. Suryakumar then got into the groove with an incredible pull over the keeper for a six. Green then took the attack to Krunal smacking three well-placed fours to take MI to 62/2 at the end of the Powerplay. After a couple of relatively quiet overs Suryakumar and Green pressed the accelerator button again as they hammered a couple of massive sixes off Mohsin as MI reached 98/2 at the halfway mark.With the partnership blossoming LSG needed a wicket. Krunal brought back Naveen and the Afghanistan pacer brought LSG back in the match with two wickets in the over. He struck to remove the dangerous Suryakumar Yadav 33 off 20 as he outfoxed him with a slower one and had him caught at long off. Two balls later that slower one castled Green41 off 23 as he missed an off cutter that nipped back in sharply.LSG did an excellent job of pulling things back and conceded just 15 from the 13 to 15 over phase. Tilak Varma finally ended the boundary drought as he smashed one over deep square leg for a six off Naveen but the pacer bounced back well to concede just 3 more off the next four balls. Yash Thakur then got the important wicket of Tim David 13 off 13 in the next over as theMI batter hit a high full toss straight to long on.MI then sent Nehal Wadhera in as an Impact Player at No.7 replacing Suryakumar Yadav. He cracked a six off Naveen in the 18th over but the Afghanistan pacer hit back to dismiss Tilak Varma in the same over as he finished a fantastic spell of 4-0-38-4. Mohsin then bowled a fantastic penultimate over conceding just 6 Off which 4 were byes and taking the wicket of Jordan.Impact Player Wadhera 23 off 12 then provided the crucial final flourish as he used the crease to good effect and targeted the shorter side to hit a couple of fours and a six before holing out to deep cover off the last ball as MI posted 182/8 from 20 overs.It was a very good comeback from LSG to restrict MI to 182 after they were cruising at one point with 104/2 in the 11th over.LSG introduced Kyle Mayers as their Impact Player replacing Yash Thakur at thestart of the second innings.

Date 23 May 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Qualifier 1 GT Vs CSK - Match Report


The ever so consistent Chennai Super Kings cruised into the final oF TATA IPL 2023 as they beat Gujarat Titans by 15 runs in Qualifier 1 at the MA Chidambaram Stadium in Chennai.Ruturaj Gaikwad starred with the bat as he hit a flamboyant 6044 to lay the platform. Ambati Rayudu 17 off 9 and Ravindra Jadeja 22 off 16 then played brisk knocks to provide crucial late flourish and take CSK to a competitive 172/7. Ravindra Jadeja 2/18 and Maheesh Theekshana 2/28 then spun a web around the GT batters with spin pace and bounce as a collective bowling effort saw CSK bowl GT out for 157 and cruise into their 10th IPL final.Chasing 173 Gujarat Titans got off to a mixed start as they lost Wriddhiman Saha inside the Powerplay and would have had Shubman Gill back in the hut too but Deepak Chahar couldnt hold on to a tough catch at mid on. In between the opening pair cracked a couple of fours and a six. Hardik Pandya got going with a brilliant drive on the up through cover-point for a four and Gill hit another marvellous flick for the second four in the next over from Tushar Deshpande as the pair took 10 off it. Dhoni then introduced Maheesh Theekshana in the sixth over and he struck to have GT captain Pandya caught at backward point. GT reached 41/2 at the end of the Powerplay.GT sent Dasun Shanaka up the order at No.4. The Sri Lankan all-rounder got together with Gill and stabilised the innings. Gill hit an odd four an over while Shanaka then upped the ante going after Theekshana hitting him for a four and a six to take GT to 72/2 at the halfway mark.Shanaka though couldnt continue for long as he mistimed his reverse sweep to short third man off Jadeja in the next over. GT kept losing wickets at regular intervals as two overs later Jadeja struck a crucial blow as he cleaned up David Miller. But the big moment arrived in the next over as Dhoni brought back Chahar and he had the set Gill 42 off 38 caught at deep square leg off a slower short ball. GT got derailed in the 11 to 14 over phase with the loss of three wickets.The wickets continued to fall as Theekshana cleaned up Rahul Tewatia in the next over as GT were reduced to 98/6 in the 15th over. With 71 needed off 30 and the required rate above 14 Rashid Khan provided some relief hitting a six and a four off Pathirana to take 13 off the over. Shankar and Rashid cracked two sixes and a four off Deshpande in the next over to take 19 off it as the equation came to 39 needed off 18.A couple of moments of brilliance saw the match turn again as Ruturaj pulled off a stupendous diving catch at deep mid-wicket off Pathirana to send back Shankar 14 off 10 and then substitute fielder Subhranshu Senapati ran out Darshan Nalkande via a brilliant direct hit off the next ball. Pathirana bowled a splendid 18th over conceding just 4 runs. With 35 needed off 12 Rashid Khan30 off 16 cracked a four off Deshpande but two balls later he hit a low full toss straight to deep point. Deshpande bowled a good over and gave away just eight including the crucial wicket of Rashid.With 27 needed off the last over Gujarat Titans could manage just 11 runs as Pathirana picked up the final wicket of Shami to spark wild celebrations in the stands as CSK marched into their 10th IPL final more than any other team in the competition. Earlier Gujarat Titans captain Hardik Pandya won the toss and elected to bowl. They made one change to the starting XI as Darshan Nalkande replaced Yash Dayal.Chennai Super Kings on the other hand named an unchanged eleven. They named Matheesha Pathirana Mitchell Santner Subhranshu Senapatim Shaik Rasheed and Akash Singh as their substitutes.Qualifier 1 got off to an eventful start as Darshan Nalkande had Ruturaj Gaikwad caught at short mid-wicket but a few seconds later the ground siren rang signalling a NO BALL as Nalkande had overstepped. Ruturaj made Nalkande pay for the error as he cracked the next one over long on for a six and then cracked one through covers for four. A couple more wide of third man made it 14 runs off the over.That Nalkande over was sandwiched between two very good overs from Shami who bowled with discipline and accuracy along with a bit of a swing to make it just 8 runs from his two overs. Nalkande came back well and gave away 8 runs in the next over. He had conceded just four off the first five balls but Conway pierced the gap through the off side to hit a four through point off the last ball. Ruturaj and Conway didnt let the spinners settle in as Gaikwad lofted one over extra cover off Rashid Khan for a four and the duo took 9 off it and then they hit a couple of fours off Noor Ahmad to take another 9 off the over as CSK reached 49/0 at the end of the Powerplay.The duo brought up another 50-run stand off 38 balls their ninth 50+ stand in the tournament so far. Ruturaj then brought up his fifty off 36 balls as he carved one over point for a four. He followed it up with a streaky four off an inside edge to fine leg three balls later as they accumulated 12 off it. Conway sliced one over backward point for a four off Noor Ahmad as CSK reached 85/0 at the halfway stage.Mohit finally broke the opening stand as he had Ruturaj 60 off 44 caught at long on off a mistimed heave. GT got two in quick succession as Noor got the important wicket of Dube1 off 3. Dube went for a powerful swing but was beaten by the wrongun and found the stumps knocked down. GT choked the scoring and then Conway received a reprieve as Saha couldnt hold on to a tough catch behind the stumps off Rashid.Conway and Rahane then took the attack to Nalkande Conway got a fortuitous four off an outside edge which flew wide of the keeper and Rahane flicked one for a six over deep square leg. Nalkande however bounced back to have Rahane 17 off 10 caught at point off the next ball.Rayudu arrived charged and smashed the first ball over extra cover for a four. However CSK lost Conway 40 off 34 off the very next ball as Shami came back and had the New Zealand batter caught at deep mid-wicket. The boundaries dried down again as the 16th and 17th over went boundaryless with just 12 runs scored. Rayudu finally broke the drought after 16 balls as he smacked one over deep mid-wicket off Rashid Khan. But the Afghanistan star hit back hard to send back Rayudu 17 off 9 next ball as he miscued one to deep mid-wicket.Jadeja lofted one over extra cover off Mohit for a four in the penultimate over but Mohit struck two balls later to have the CSK captain caught at extra cover off a slower ball much to the disappointment of the Chepauk crowd.Jadeja and Moeen then provided the late flourish as they hit a four and a six to take 15 off the last over before Jadeja 22 off 16 was cleaned up off the last ball of the over as CSK postedGT introduced Vijay Shankar as their Impact Player replacing Mohit Sharma at the start of the second innings while CSK introduced Matheesha Pathirana as their Impact Player in the first over of the second innings.

Date 21 May 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 70 RCB Vs GT - Match Report


Sensational Shubman Gill hit a magnificent 104*52 to power Gujarat Titans to a thrilling win and knock Royal Challengers out of the tournament in Match 70 of TATA IPL 2023 at the M Chinnaswamy Stadium in Bengaluru.Rampant Kohli had roared again with a second consecutive ton to power Royal Challengers Bangalore to 197/5 but Gill storm hit bengalure and his 104* trumped Kohlis 101* as GT knocked RCB out and helped Mumbai Indians qualify for the Play-offs.Chasing 192 Gujarat Titans got off to a brisk start but lost Wriddhiman Saha inside the Powerplay. Gill and Saha hit three fours in the second over but Siraj struck in the third over to have Saha caught at cover-point where Parnell pulled off an excellent one-handed catch. A couple of streaky fours and a six from Impact Player Vijay Shankar who replaced Yash Dayal in the sixth over took GT to 51/1 at the end of the Powerplay.Gill and Shankar kept chipping away with an odd boundary every over to take GT to 90/1 at the halfway mark. Gill brought up his fifty off 29 balls and then took on Bracewell hammering two sixes to take 16 runs off the over. Shankar too joined the party as he hit a couple of fours and a massive 106m six off Vijaykumar Vyshak but the bowler bounced back to break the 123-run partnership by having Shankar 53 off 35 caught at deep mid-wicket off the next ball. GT lost two in quick succession as Dasun Shanaka mistimed his heave to deep mid-wicket in the next over from Harshal Patel.David Miller arrived and got going with a four wide of short fine leg off the first ball as the equation came down to 43 needed off 24. Vyshak then bowled a decent over didnt concede a boundary and gave away nine runs as the equation came down to 34 needed off 18.Gill then hammered a massive six off the first ball of the next over from Siraj. But the RCB pacer hit back hard to have the dangerous Miller caught at deep point three balls later. Shubman though hit a crucial blow to finish the over as he hammered one over deep mid-wicket for a six to bring the equation down to 19 needed off 12.Gill continued to hit clean as he smashed another six off Harshal in the penultimate over as GT accumulated 11 runs off the over. With 8 needed off the last over Faf du Plessis handed over the ball to Parnell. The left-arm pacer started off with a WIDE but Gill reviewed it for waist high no ball and he did it successfully and it was declared a NO Ball by the third umpire. Parnell then sprayed one very wide outside off and was called a WIDE as RCB reviewed it unsuccessfully. With six needed off six Gill finished it off in style with a cracking six over long on to bring up his century and win it for GT.Earlier Gujarat Titans captain Hardik Pandya won the toss and elected to bowl. They made one change to the starting XI as Yash Dayal replaced Sai Sudharsan. They named Vijay Shankar KS Bharat Shivam Mavi Sai Koshore and Abhinav Manohar as their substitutes.Royal Challengers Bangalore made two changes to their starting eleven as Dinesh Karthik and Vijaykumar Vyshak replaced Karn Sharma and Shahbaz Ahmed. They named Himanshu Sharma Suyash Prabhudessai Finn Allen Sonu Yadav and Akash Deep as their substitutes.Virat Kohli and Faf du Plessis again got RCB off to a breezy start. Du Plessis opened up in the third over as he cracked four fours off Shami and Kohli joined the party in the next over as he smacked three fours in a row off Yash Dayal. The pair looked in great control as they took RCB to 62/0 at the end of the Powerplay.Noor Ahmad finally broke the 67-run opening stand as he induced an outside edge of Du Plessis 28 off 19 which flicked keeper Wriddhiman Sahas pads and popped up to Rahul Tewatia at first slip. Maxwell got going straight away with a six and a four off Noor but Rashid Khan cleaned him up with a googly in the next over to jolt RCB. Noor Ahmad then sent Mahipal Lomror back in the hut having him stumped with a clever one down the leg side as he saw Lomror skipping down the wicket.Michael Bracewell arrived and pressed the accelerator button straightaway with three fours in two overs. Kohli then reached his fifty off 35 balls. The pair cracked three fours off Mohit before Shami provided a crucial breakthrough by having Bracewell 26 off 16 caught and bowled. GT got two in quick succession as Karthik edged one to the keeper trying to pull it off Yash Dayal.Kohli again breathed momentum with a couple of well-placed fours off Mohit in the 16th over. Rashid bowled a frugal 17th over giving away just six but then Kohli upped the ante with a six and a four off Yash Dayal. He cracked a couple of fours off Shami in the next over to reach 99. He then brought up his second consecutive century with a single to long on off Mohit in the penultimate over and got a rousing reception from a packed Bengaluru crowd. Rawat finished it well with a six and a four as the batters took 15 off the last over to post 197/5.Kohli remained unbeaten on 101 off 61 balls while Rawat remained not out on 23 off 15. RCB introduced Himanshu Sharma as their Impact Player in place of Dinesh Karthik at the end of the first innings.

Date 21 May 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 69 MI Vs SRH - Match Report


Cameron Greens scintillating century kept Mumbai Indians hopes alive as the homeside thumped Sunrisers Hyderabad by eight wickets in Match 69 of TATA IPL 2023 at the Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai.Rohit Sharma 56 off 37 and Cameron Green 100* off 47 set the stage on fire as they went on a stunning counter-attack to chase down 201 with 12 balls to spare after their bowlers had made a brilliant comeback in the slog overs to restrict the away side to 200/4 following sparkling fifties from SRH openers Vivrant Sharma 69 off 47 and Mayank Agarwal 83 off 46.Chasing 201 Ishan Kishan got off the blocks early with a six and a four off Nitish Reddy. He was looking to take the aggressive approach but couldnt last long as he miscued his pull off Bhuvneshwar to mid on where Harry Brook took a good diving catch.Rohit then got a lifeline as he miscued his heave to mid-wicket where Sanvir Singh put down a tricky catch. Green then rubbed salt on SRHs wounds as he smashed the next ball over deep mid-wicket for a powerful six. Green continued the momentum in the next over hammering two fours and a six off Tyagi to make it 18 off the over and take MI to 60/1 at the end of the Powerplay.Green then took the attack to Mayank Dagar smashing a couple of muscular sixes to accumulate 13 off the next over. The boundary flow continued as Rohit Sharma hit a four off Umran Malik and then cracked a six off a beamer from Vivrant. Green brought up his fifty off just 20 balls in the same over tonking one over long on for another six as MI took 19 from the Vivrant Over who had to walk off the field after the over with what looked like cramps. Rohit then upped his ante with three fours in a row off Umran in the next over as MI reached 114/1 at the halfway stage. The pair brought up the 100-run stand off just 51 balls. Rohit Sharma brought up his fifty off 31 balls as he lofted one over extra cover off Tyagi.Rohit then received another reprieve as Sanvir Singh again dropped him this time at extra cover. Green though continued to play with power and authority as he smashed a couple of sixes off Nitish Kumar to amass 16 runs off the 13th over.Mayank Dagar finally broke the 128-run stand as he had Rohit 5637 caught at backward point where Nitish Kumar pulled off a tremendous flying catch. Suryakumar got off the mark in style as he lofted the first ball over extra cover for a four. Green was unstoppable as he muscled a four and a six off Umran Malik and Suryakumar joined the party smashing a couple of fours to make it 20 off the over and bring the required rate below 6. Suryakumar and Green cracked a couple of fours off Tyagi who had to end his over abruptly after bowling a second waist-high full toss and had to be taken off the attack. With 8 needed off 18 Suryakumar took a single. Green on 94 cracked one through extra cover for a four to get to 98 and then took a single to covers. With 2 needed off 15 Suryakumar nudged one to the leg side for a quick single. With Green on 99 and one needed to win Bhuvneshwar beat Green off a slower one the keeper fumbled but the batters didnt run for a bye. Green finally got to his maiden IPL hundred as he swiped one wide of mid onfor a four tocomplete his century and win it for MI. 

Earlier Mumbai Indians captain Rohit Sharma won the toss and elected to bowl. They made one change to the starting XI as Kumar Kartikeya replaced Hrithik Shokeen. They named Ramandeep Singh Vishnu Vinod Tilak Varma Tristan Stubbs and Sandeep Warrier as their substitutes.Sunrisers Hyderabad made four changes to the starting eleven as Mayank Agarwal Vivrant Singh Sanvir Singh and Umran Malik replaced Abhishek Sharma Rahul Tripathi Abdul Samad and Kartik Tyagi. Mayank Markande Rahul Tripathi Abdul Samad Kartik Tyagi and Akeal Hosein made it to their substitutes list.The Mumbai Indians started off well as they bowled with discipline and found a hint of swing to keep the SRH openers quiet. The home team conceded just one boundary in the first two overs. Mayank Agarwal then looked to up the ante as he cracked a couple of fours off Jason Behrendorff to make it 12 off the over. Abhishek Sharma then combined power with placement to hit a couple of fours off Chris Jordan to take 10 runs off the fourth over.Mayank Agarwal then got a reprieve as a massive miscommunication saw him stranded in the middle while trying to go for a risky single. The fielder missed the direct hit at the non-strikers end as Agarwal completed the run. Hat the fielder hit Agarwal was well short. The duo kept hitting boundaries as Agarwal hit a couple off Akash Madhwal and then Vivrant took the attack to Piyush Chawla to take SRH to 53/0 at the end of the Powerplay. The pair kept the scoreboard ticking as Vivrant brought up his maiden IPL fifty off 36 balls as SRH reached 93/0 at the halfway stage. Agarwal then brought up the 100-run opening SRHs first of the season as he thumped one down the ground for a four off Kartikeya.The pair stepped up a gear in the 13th over as Agarwal cracked a six and a four off Behrendorff to bring up his fifty off 32 balls and Vivrant added another maximum as he thumped a 91m six over the leg side to make it 19 off the over. Akash Madhwal got hit for a six off his second ball in the 14th over but the MI pacer bounced back to break the 140-run stand three balls later as he had Vivrant 69 off 47 caught at deep mid-wicket. It was the highest score by a player in his debut innings in IPL.The fall of wicket didnt deter SRH as Agarwal continued to attack smashing a four and a six off Kartikeya and then a powerful six straight down the ground off Chawla to make it 24 from two overs.Rohit then brought back Madhwal again and he got the crucial breakthrough having Agarwal 83 off 46 caught behind off a short ball. The MI pacer bowled an excellent 17th over giving away just six runs. Jordan continued the good work in the next over sending back Glenn Phillips 1 off 4 and conceding just six runs. Madhwal bowled another excellent over as he cleaned up the in-form Heinrich Klaasen 18 off 13 via a full delivery. He then dished out a lethal yorker to clean up Brook off the next ball as he finished a brilliant spell of 4/37 giving away just six in his last over.Aiden Markram and Sanvir Singh finally provided some relief as they hit a six and a four respectively to accumulate 14 off the last over from Jordan and take SRH to 200/5 at the end of 20 overs. MI bowled brilliantly in the slog overs as they conceded just 32 in the last four overs.

Date 20 May 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 68 KKR Vs LSG - Match Report


A crucial counter-attacking knock of 5830 from Nicholas Pooran helped Lucknow Super Giants qualify for the Play-offs but not before surviving a Rinky Singh scare as they beat Kolkata Knight Riders in a last-over thriller in Match 68 of TATA IPL 2023 at the Eden Gardens in Kolkata.Poorans fighting knock helped LSG recover from 73/5 and propelled them to a competitive 176/8. Ravi Bishnoi then bowled an impressive spell of 2/23 as LSG survived another heroic performance from Rinku Singh 67* off 33 to win the match by one run as Impact Player Yash Thakur defended 21 in the last over.Chasing 177 KKR were off to a flier as Venkatesh Iyer smashed a couple of fours and a six off Mohsin Khan in the first over. Jason Roy then went after Naveen-ul-Haq and cracked a couple offours and a cracking straight six to make it 15 again off the second over. Krunal then brought himself into the attack and bowled a decent over giving away just six runs. The pair took 9 runs off K Gowtham and Roy then took the attack to Krunal hitting three fours in a row to make it 14 off the over.Gowtham finally got LSG the breakthrough as he had Iyer 24 off 15 caught at extra cover as KKR reached 61/1 at the end of the Powerplay. Ravi Bishoni then provided another breakthrough as he had captain Nitish Rana caught at extra cover off a leading edge for his 100th T20 wicket. KKR lost another one in quick succession as Krunal cleaned up Roy 45 off 28 to help the away side claw their way back into the match. KKR bowled with accuracy and discipline and kept things tight. The pressure brought the wicket as Rahmanullah Gurbaz went for a big one but got an outside edge to backward point off Impact Player Yash Thakur where Bishnoi took a juggling catch. Thakur bowled a fantastic over and gave away just three.Naveen bowled another decent over giving away just six as the equation came to 63 needed off 30 balls. Russell tried to up the scoring cracking a straight six off Bishnoi but the LSG spinner bounced back to have Russells off stump knocked down off the next ball. It was another very good over for LSG with just seven runs coming off it along with the big wicket of Russell.With 56 needed off 24 Naveen bowled another good over conceding just five. Rinku Singh finally released some pressure as he swung one over deep backward square leg for a six. But Yash Thakur bounced back to dismiss Shardul Thakur as he had him caught at deep square leg off a short ball. KKR lost another in the over as Sunil Narine was run out trying to go for a risky second. Yash made an excellent comeback to give away just four more runs apart from that six from Rinku. With 41 needed off 12 balls Rinku Singh hit three fours in a row one off the outside edge one rocketing off the middle through extra cover off Naveen and one slashed over short third man. He then scampered through for a risky two off the next ball to bring the equation down to 27 off 8. He clobbered the next ball over deep square leg for a 110m six to bring up his fifty off just 27 balls. He swung and missed the last one as 20 runs came off the over.

With 21 needed off six Krunal handed the ball to Impact Player Yash Thakur. Vaibhav Arora bunted the first ball down the ground and gave the strike to Rinku. Yash bowled the next one wide outside off and it was called a WIDE. The next ball was fast and short and Rinku was beaten for pace as the ball flicked his helmet even before he could complete his shot. The next one was in the blockhole and Rinku mistimed his heave to deep mid-wicket. He didnt take the single. The next one was a WIDE. With 18 needed off 3 Runku Singh smashed it over the deep mid-wicket stands toprovide hope of another miracle. With 12 needed off 2 Yash bowled it very full and Rinku crashed it through extra cover only for a four. With 8 needed off 1 Rinku smacked it over long on where the fielder parried it over the ropes for a six as the home side fell agonisingly short by two runs.
Earlier Kolkata Knight Riders captain Nitish Rana won the toss and elected to bowl. They made one change to the starting XI as Venkatesh Iyer replaced Suyash Sharma. They named Mandeep Singh Suyash Sharma Anukul Roy N Jagadeesan and David Wiese as their substitutes.Lucknow Super Giants made two changes to the starting eleven as Karan Sharma and K Gowtham replaced Deepak Hooda and Swapnil Singh. Yash Thakur Daniel Sams Yudhvir Singh Deepak Hooda and Kyle Mayers made it to the substitutes list for the away side.The KKR bowlers started off well and could have had two wickets inside the first two overs but the LSG batters got lucky. Harshit Rana beat Quinton de Kock thrice of the last three balls of the first over off which one was an edge to the keeper which no one noticed. KKR didnt opt for the review and the South African batter survived with the Ultra Edge replays showing an edge. Karan then survived a run out chance in the next over but his luck didnt last long as Rana had him caught at short mid-wicket. In between Quinton de Kock provided some momentum with a couple of well-timed sixes.Prerak Mankad arrived got a look in and took the aggressive route straightaway as he cracked three fours off Harshit Rana in the fifth over. He then took the attack to Varun Chakaravarthy and hit a couple of fours to take LSG to 54/1 at the end of the Powerplay.The risk brought rewards but it also brought about Mankads downfall as he mistimed his slash off a back of a length delivery from Vaibhav Arora to deep point where Harshit Rana took a good running catch. Arora then produced a lethal bouncer to bounce out the in-form Marcus Stoinis.KKR kept building the pressure and they were rewarded with another wicket as Sunil Narine had captain Krunal Pandya caught at deep mid-wicket as LSG trudged to 71/4 at the halfway mark.The away side received a massive blow in the next over as Quinton de Kock28 off 17 mistimed his heave to deep mid-wicket where Andre Russell pouched a good catch off Chakaravarthy.KKR then brought on Suyash Sharma as their Impact Player in place of Harshit Rana in the 11th over.Nicholas Pooran started off well and then got together to rebuild the innings with the young Ayush Badoni as the pair brought up the 50-run stand from 36 balls. Pooran was the aggressor while Badoni played sensibly and gave his partner as much strike as possible. The pair kept chipping away hitting an odd boundary an over before Badoni pressed the accelerator button to smack a four and a six off Narine in the 18th over but the wily spinner bounced back to have Badoni caught at deep mid-wicket off the next ball.Pooran then brought up his fifty in style off 28 balls as he thumped a six over deep point off Shardul. He followed by smacking another six by slicing the next one over deep backward point. But as it happened in the Narine over Shardul bounced back to have Pooran caught at deep backward point. Shardul got another wicket in the over as he cleaned up Bishnoi.K Gowtham then finished it off well with a six and a four off Russell in the last over as the away side garnered 13 off the over and posted 176/8.LSG introduced Yash Thakur as their Impact Player in place of Karan Sharma as the start of the second innings.

Date 20 May 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 67 DC Vs CSK - Match Report


Chennai Super Kings cruised into the Play-offs as they beat Delhi Capitals in Match 67 of TATA IPL 2023 at the Arun Jaitley Stadium in Delhi.The CSK openers Ruturaj Gaikwad 79 off 50 and Devon Conway 87 off 52 set the stage on fire to lay the platform with a 141-run stand. Shivam Dube22 off 9 and Ravindra Jadeja20* off 7 then provided the final acceleration with impactful cameos as CSK posted a mammoth 223/3.Deepak Chahar then shone with a ball with an excellent spell of 3/22 as a combined bowling effort saw CSK restrict DC to 146/9 despite a brave effort from David Warner who fought the lone battle with a brilliant knock of 8658.Chasing 224 Delhi Capitals again lost a wicket early as Prithvi Shaw departed in the second over courtesy a brilliant diving catch at mid off from Rayudu off Tushar Deshpande.CSK built pressure from the start with accurate and disciplined bowling and gave away just two fours in the first four overs. Warner then broke the shackles hammering a six and a four over long on off Deepak Chahar in the fifth over but the CSK pacer hit back hard as he send back Phil Salt caught at extra cover and then made Rilee Rossouw drag one onto his stumps off the next ball to script a splendid comeback. Warner ended the Powerplay with a six as DC trudged to 34/3.CSK kept things tight but then Warner upped the ante with a six and a four off Jadeja. He hit a four off Theekshana in the next over and then brought up his fifty off 32 balls. The captain was single-handedly keeping the momentum going as wickets fell at the other end. He saw Yash Dhull depart from the other end but he kept going strong smashing three sixes and a four off Jadeja to take 23 runs off the over. He then saw Axar Patel depart in the next over as Chahar came back to dismiss the DC all-rounder as DC were reduced to 109/5 in the 14th over. Chahar finished with an impressive spell of 4-0-22-3.While Warner kept fighting the run rate crept over 21 with five overs remaining. Aman Khan broke the deadlock with the first boundary in 15 balls as he whipped one wide of short fine leg for a four off Tushar Deshpande. Warner ended the over by thumping one over extra cover and chopping one to third man for another four as DC accumulated 15 runs off the 16th over. Pathirana then jolted DC further as he had Aman Khan caught at extra cover off the slower ball. CSKs Impact Player bowled a fantastic over and gave away just six in the over. With required run rate creeping to 29 per over it was always going to be a bridge too far for DC as Warner finally departed in the 19th over caught at long on off Pathirana for 8658 and Theekshana sent back Lalit Yadav and Kuldeep Yadav off consecutive balls in the final over as DC fell well short by 77 runs.Earlier Chennai Super Kings captain MS Dhoni won the toss and elected to bat. The away side went with an unchanged starting XI. They named Matheesha Pathirana Mitchell Santner Subhranshu Senapati Shaik Rasheed and Akash Singh as their substitutes.Delhi Capitals made two changes to the starting eleven as Lalit Yadav and Chetan Sakariya replaced Prithvi Shaw and Ishant Sharma. Mukesh Kumar Prihvi Shaw Pravin Dubey Ripal Patel and Abishek Porel made it to the home sides substitutes list.CSK got off to a brisk start courtesy some beautiful shots from Ruturaj Gaikwad and Devon Conway. Gaikwad opened his boundary account in the first over with a silken flick off Khaleel Ahmed. He then smacked one over deep mid-wicket off Lalit Yadav in the next over for another four. Devon Conway then brought up the 1000th six of IPL 2023 as he cracked one straight down the ground for a six in the same over to make it 13 off it. Conway then hit a couple of well-placed fours over mid-wicket and backward point off Khaleel. Gaikwad took on Axar and hit a lovely lofted six over extra cover. Conway then brought up the 50-run stand with back to back fours off Anrich Nortje in the 5th over.Chetan Sakariya then came into the attack and bowled a frugal over the first one without a boundary giving away just two singles as CSL reached 52/0 at the end of the Powerplay.The pair mixed it up really well as they kept rotating the strike along with hitting the odd boundary. Ruturaj then stepped on the accelerator as he smashed a couple of sixes over deep mid-wicket off Axar and then took a single to bring up his fifty off 37 balls as CSK accumulated 15 off the over and moved to 87/0 at the halfway mark. While Conway dealt in fours Ruturaj continued to hit sixes as he lofted one straight down the ground off Kuldeep and then thumped one over deep mid-wicket off the next ball for consecutive sixes. He then went berserk against Kuldeep and smashed three sixes in a row all straight down the ground to make it 20 off the over. He added another to his sixes tally as he pulled one over fine leg off Nortje.Conway brought up his fifty off 33 balls as he whipped one over deep mid-wicket off Khaleel for another six. Sakariya came back and finally broke the marathon 141-run stand as he had Ruturaj 79 off 50 caught at deep mid-wicket off a short ball in the 15th over.Conway and Shivam Dube continued the momentum with aggressive strokeplay as they took 19 off the Lalit Yadav over and then 12 off Nortje over. Dube then cracked consecutive sixes off Khaleel to bring up the 50-run stand off just 21 balls. Khaleel though bounced back to have Dube caught at long on off the last ball as MS Dhoni walked out to the crease to a rousing reception.CSK lost another wicket in the next over as Nortje had Conway 87 off 52 caught at long on. Ravindra Jadej arrived and set off straight away with a six and a four off Nortje. He finished off in style with a couple of swiped fours as Dhoni and Jadeja took 16 runs off the last over to finish on 223/3. CSK scored 75/2 off the last five overs.Jadeja remained unbeaten on 20 off 7 balls while Dhoni remained not out on 5 off 4 balls.Delhi Capitals introduced Prithvi Shaw as their Impact Player replacing Khaleel while CSK introduced Matheesha Pathirana as their Impact Player in place of Shivam Dube at the start of the second innings.

Date 19 May 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 66 PBKS vs RR - Match Report


Rajasthan Royals kept their hopes alive as they beat Punjab Kings by four wickets in another last-over thriller in Match 66 of TATA IPL 2023 in Dharamsala.A collective batting performance from RR saw Yashasvi Jaiswal 50 off 36 and Devdutt Padikkal 51 off 30 hit composed fifties to set the platform before Shimron Hetmyer 46 off 28 Riyan Parag 20 off 12 and Impact Player Dhruv Jurel 10* off 4 provided crucial final flourish to take the away side past the finish line.Earlier Punjab Kings middle-order came to the rescue after an early stutter as attacking knocks from Jitesh Sharma 44 off 28 Sam Curran 49* off 31 and Shahrukh Khan 41* off 23 propelled the home side to a competitive 187/5 after they were reduced to 50/4 inside seven overs.Chasing 188 Rajasthan Royals were jolted early as they lost Buttler in the second over. Yashasvi Jaiswal was up and running straightaway in the first over. He got a fortuitous four off an inside edge first up but then crashed a couple of fours off the middle to make it 12 off the first over from Sam Curran. Rabada then started off beautifully beating Jos Buttlers outside edge off back to back balls. He then brought one back in and trapped Buttler LBW off the next to complete a masterful set-up.Jaiswal and Devdutt Padikkal made sure the pressure wasnt built due to the early wicket as they played aggressively and hit a slew of fours and sixes to take the score to 57/1 at the end of the Powerplay. PBKS kept things tight in the next three overs and Padikkal then looked to up the scoring in the 10th over as he cracked a six off Arshdeep and then brought up his fifty but Arshdeep bounced back to have him caught at point two balls later as the away side reached 86/2 at the halfway mark. RR lost two in quick succession as Rahul Chahar had Sanju Samson caught at deep square leg.With the required run rate creeping over 10 RR changed gears as Shimro Hetmyer and Jaiswal cracked three sixes and four fours in the next three overs to accumulate 43 runs.Jaiswal 50 off 36 then reached his fifty off 35 balls but he departed in the same over as he reverse swept one straight to backward point off Ellis where Rishi Dhawan pouched a good reflex catch. The Australian pacer bowled an excellent over and gave away just seven as the equation read 47 needed off 30. Arshdeep bowled a very good 16th over to give away 8 runs which included a edged four to third man by Riya Parag.With 39 needed off 24 balls Hetmyer cracked a four off Curran first ball but got lucky two balls later as Harpreet Brar couldnt hold on to a tricky catch at short fine leg. Hetmyer was then given out caught behind as he looked to pull but he straightaway reviewed it and replays showed there was no bat involved. Curran gave away just six runs as the equation came down to 33 needed off 18 balls.Rabada started off the 18th over with a front foot no ball and Riyan Parag dispatched the Free Hit ball for a six and then whipped the next one for another massive six over deep mid-wicket. Rabada though hit back hard to dismiss him off the last ball caught at backward point off a leading edge. RRs Impact Player Dhruv Jurel then walked out to bat as he replaced Yuzvendra Chahal in the line-up.With 19 needed off 12 Hetmyer cracked a couple of fours through the covers as they took 10 off four balls. But then Dhawan pulled off an excellent diving catch at extra cover to dismiss the dangerous Hetmyer 4628. Curran conceded 10 runs and picked up a wicket in the penultimate over. Trent Boult had the chance to take a single off the last ball of that over but the batters denied as RR wanted Jurel on strike. With 9 needed off the last over Dhawan handed the ball to Rahul Chahar. Jurel clipped the first ball to the leg side and scampered through for two. He then thumped one but straight to long off for just a single. With 6 needed off four Boult whipped it to deep mid-wicket for a single. With 5 needed off three Jurel finished it off in style as he charged down and hammered it straight down the ground for a six to win the match for RR by four wickets.Earlier Rajasthan Royals captain Sanju Samson won the toss and elected to bowl. They made four changes to their starting XI as Devdutt Padikkal Riyan Parag Navdeep Saini and Trent Boult replaced Dhruv Jurel R Ashwin Joe Root and KM Asif. The away side named Dhruv Jurel Doovan Ferreira Akash Vashisht Kuldeep Sen and Murugan Ashwin as their substitutes.Punjab Kings made one change to the starting eleven as Prabhsimran Singh replaced Nathan Ellis. Nathan Ellis Sikandar Raza Rishi Dhawan Mohit Rathee and Matthew Short as their substitutes.Rajasthan Royals started off well as Trent Boult did Trent Boult things to send back Prabhsimran Singh via a brilliant diving caught and bowled. It was his seventh wicket in the first over in this seasons TATA IPL. He nearly pulled off another spectacular catch of his own bowling four balls later but couldnt hold on to a tough catch of Atharva Taide.Despite the early wicket Shikhar Dhawan and Atharva Taide took the attack to Sandeep Sharma in the second over as Dhawan cracked a four over mid on off a Free Hit and then smacked one straight down the ground for a powerful six. Taide finished the over with a heave over mid-wicket for a four to make it 16 off the over.The duo continued the attacking approach as Taide played a brilliant pick-up shot over deep square leg for a six and then Dhawan thumped one over covers for a four to make it 12 off the over. Taide then looked to go after Navdeep Saini as he welcomed him into the attack with a couple of fours but the RR pacer bounced back to dismiss Taide 19 off 12 as he mistimed his pull straight to mid-wicket.RR kept their discipline as Boult bowled a tight fifth over to give away just three. The pressure built slightly and Dhawan 17 off 12 fell to it as he missed his slog sweep off Adam Zampa and was trapped LBW as PBKS reached 48/3 at the end of the Powerplay.PBKS lost another wicket in the next over as Saini cleaned up Liam Livingstone 9 off 13 missing his swing across the line. The home side lost their way and got into a shell. Jitesh Sharma then broke the shackles as he cracked a couple of well-timed sixes off Sandeep to take PBKS to 78/4 at the halfway mark.Jitesh and Sam Curran got together to steady the ship and brought up their 50-run stand off 43 balls. The former was the aggressor and he stepped up a gear in the 14th over smacking a couple of fours and a six off Saini but as he did earlier Saini bounced back to dismiss Jitesh 44 off 28 off the next ball as he miscued one to extra cover. While RR more or less kept things under control Curran kept chipping away with an odd boundary every over. RR then switched to the fifth gear as Shahrukh Khan then upped the momentum with a four and a six off Chahal in the penultimate over. Curran joined the party with two sixes and a four which saw him dropped off the last ball to make it 28 runs off the over.Shahrukh provided the final flourish smashing a couple of fours and a six off Boult to amass 18 off the last over and propel PBKS to 187/5.The last two overs cost RR 46 runs. Sam Curran remained unbeaten on 49 off 31 while Shahrukh remained not out on 41 off 23.PBKS introduced Nathan Ellis as their Impact Player replacing Prabhsimran Singh at the start of the second innings.

Date 18 May 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 65 SRH Vs RCB - Match Report


The Royal Challengers Bangalore RCB secured a dominating win and two crucial points after a remarkable chase against Sunrisers Hyderabad SRH in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2023 on Thursday at the Rajiv Gandhi International Stadium in Hyderabad.
The Virat Kohli chase masterclass and his scintillating century overshadowed Heinrich Klaasens ton in a gripping run-fest.
Chasing 187 to win RCB got off to a flying start courtesy of in-form openers - Virat Kohli and Captain Faf du Plessis. Opener Virat Kohli hit from the word go and was off the mark with two timely strokes before Faf du Plessis jumped on the bandwagon.
The fifty partnership was up yet again in the tournament for RCBs opening duo and the visitors moved to 64/0 after 6 overs. SRH nearly put an end to the opening partnership after Mayank Dagar took a sensational catch however on a delivery that unfortunately turned out to be a no ball adding to SRHs worries.
The duo looked unstoppable with the bat as both du Plessis and Kohli reached their respective half-centuries and RCB were cruising at 108/0 with 8 overs to go.
Virat Kohli was at his sublime best and left everyone in awe as the 150-run partnership was up for the opening wicket.
The equation was down to 23 off 18 for the visitors as SRH kept searching for the opening wicket. Virat Kohli smashed a maximum off Bhuvneshwar Kumars bowling to reach his first century of the season in style.
SRH bounced back to dismiss both the RCB openers in quick succession but it was too late for the home side as RCB chased down the target with four balls to spare.
Earlier Sunrisers Hyderabad were put in to bat first by Royal Challengers Bangalore. The visitors kept things tight with the ball and restricted the striking as SRH were 7/0 after the first two overs. Rahul Tripathi and Abhishek Sharma finally got going but the SRH openers were soon back in the hut after Michael Bracewell dismissed the opening duo in the same over.
Heinrich Klaasen who was the next man in for SRH started aggressively with his beautiful backfoot strokes and the home side were 49/2 at the end of powerplay. SRH skipper Aiden Markram kept the runs ticking from one end while Klaasen took responsibility of majority of the striking.
The fifty partnership for the third wicket was up in just 29 deliveries and SRH were 81/2 after 10 overs. Klaasen continued his fine run of form and scored his third half-century of the season. Markram on the other end tried to switch gears but the SRH skipper was cleaned up by Shahbaz Ahmed in an attempt to play the reverse-sweep.
Harry Brook who was the next batter in the middle complemented the well-set Klaasen by finding boundaries immediately. The duo smacked 21 runs off the 17th over. Klaasen reached his Maiden IPL century with a stylish maximum straight down the ground. However Harshal Patel cleaned the SRH batter with a perfect slower delivery.
Mohd. Siraj nailed the final over by giving away just 4 runs and scalping a wicket on the final ball of the innings as SRH finished with 186/5 on board.
Brief ScoresRoyal Challengers Bangalore 187/2 Virat Kohli 100 Faf du Plessis 71 T Natarajan 1/34beat Sunrisers Hyderabad 186/5 Heinrich Klaasen 104 Harry Brook 27 Michael Bracewell 2/13 by 8 wickets.

Date 17 May 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 64 PBKS Vs DC - Match Report


Delhi Capitals dealt a hammer blow to Punjab Kings chances of qualifying for the Play-offs as they beat the hosts by 15 runs in Match 64 of TATA IPL 2023 at the Himachal Pradesh Cricket Association Stadium in Dharamsala.A commanding batting performance led by Rilee Rossouw 82* off 37 helped the away side post a daunting 213/2 after the openers David Warner 46 off 31 and comeback man Prithvi Shaw 54 off 38 had added 94 for the opening wicket. A collective bowling effort then saw the DC bowlers survive Livingstone94 off 48 scare as they restricted PBKS to 198/8 and won the match by 15 runs.Chasing 214 Punjab Kings stuttered at the start as they lost captain Shikhar Dhawan early. Khaleel Ahmed bowled a fantastic first over for a maiden and then Ishan Sharma struck with his first ball having Dhawan caught at slip in the second over. Prabhsimran Singh then took the aggressive route as he combined power with placement to hit four fours including three back to back fours off Ishant Sharma. Atharva Taide took the attack to Anich Nortje in the next over cracking a four and a six and then hitting a four and a six off Mukesh Kumar but PBKS got lucky off the last ball of the over as the keeper missed a run out with Prabhsimran set off for a bye but was sent back by Taide. A direct hit would have been curtains for the PBKS opener. The home side reached 47/1 at the end of the Powerplay.Axar Patel came into the attack and struck straightaway to provide the breakthrough as he had Prabhsimran 22 off 19 caught at wide long on. DC could have had a couple more but Nortje dropped Liam Livingstone and Yash Dhull dropped Atharva Taide in one Kuldeep Yadav over. Livingstone rubbed salt into the wounds cracking a huge six off the penultimate ball of the over as PBKS reached 75/2 at the halfway stage. Luck continued to favour PBKS as Livingstone and Taide survived run outs off the same ball trying to run through for a risky single and then an overthrow. Taide and Livingstone were living dangerously as a couple of mistimed shots fell short of the fieders. The duo hit 15 runs off Axar and 12 runs off Nortje as Taide brought up his fifty off 38 balls. Kuldeep then bowled a tight over conceding just five off the over.The required run rate creeped over 16 and then Livingstone cracked a couple of fours off Mukesh Kumar before a tactical move saw PBKS retire out Atharva Taide in the 15th over which brought in Jitesh Sharma. He didnt last long though as he departed without opening his account. The new batter Shahrukh Khan opened his account with a six first ball to bring the equation to 79 needed off 24. Livingstone then switched on the fifth gear as hit a four off a no ball from Khaleel to bring up his fifty off 30 balls and then smashed a massive six straight down the ground off the Free Hit. Khaleel though bounced back to have Shahrukh Khan caught at long on. Livingstone smacked another six as PBKS amassed 20 off the over.With 59 needed off 18 Livingstone and Curran hammered three sixes off Mukesh Kumar to bring the equation down to 38 off 22. Curran cracked a four off the first ball of the penultimate over from Nortje but the South African pacer hit back hard to knock down his leg stump off the next ball. PBKS lost two in two as Harpreet Brar was run out at the bowlers end scampering through for a bye to get Livingstone on strike. Nortje bowled a brilliant over giving away just five. With 33 needed off the last over Ishant started off with a dot. But it all got nervous for the DC camp as Livingstone smacked a six over long on and thumped a four over covers. Ishant then bowled a waist high no ball which Livinstone smashed over extra cover for another six as the equation came down to 16 off 3. Livingstone then missed his swing off a full toss as DC heaved a sigh of relief. The England batter mistimed the next one over cover and didnt run. He smashed the last ball straight into the hands of the long off fielder as DC won the match by 15 runs.Earlier Punjab Kings captain Shikhar Dhawan won the toss and elected to bowl. They made three changes to the starting XI as Atharva Taide Nathan Ellis and Kagiso Rabada replaced Prabhsimran Singh Sikandar Raza and Rishi Dhawan. They named Prabhsimran Singh Sikandar Raza Matthew Short Rishi Dhawan and Mohit Rathee as their substitutes.Delhi Capitals too made three changes to the starting eleven as Prithvi Shaw Yash Dhull and Anrich Nortje replaced Mukesh Kumar Pravin Dubey and Mitchell Marsh. Mukesh Kumar Abishek Porel Ripal Pate Pravin Dubey and Sarfaraz Khan made it to the away sides substitutes list.The Punjab Kings bowlers started off well as Kagiso Rabad bowled a fiery second over which had the batters hopping. The home side didnt concede a four in the first two overs. David Warner then finally provided some impetus as he thumped one over cover-point and pulled the next one off a top-edge to fine leg for back to back fours off Sam Curran in the third over. Shaw then got his first four as he smacked a short one over point for a four off Rabada. Warner then flicked one over deep square leg for an effortless six and then combined power two balls later to smack a pull over deep mid-wicket for the second six in the over as the away side amassed 17 off the over. Shaw welcomed Arshdeep Singh into the attack with two fours and a six to take DC past fifty in the fifth over.Warner kept playing some effortless strokes as he placed a couple through cover-point and third man for consecutive fours off Nathan Ellis as DC reached 61/0 at the end of Powerplay.Shaw continued the momentum in the next over as he welcomed Rahul Chahar into the attack with a couple of well-placed fours. After a couple of quiet overs the DC captain got a reprieve in the 10th over as he miscued loft high over point and Rahul Chahar put down a tough catch running backwards. Warners 46 off 31 luck didnt last long though as he top edged his pull towards mid off and Dhawan ran in from extra cover to pull off a splendid catch.Rilee Rossouw got into the groove straightaway with two well timed fours off his first three balls in the roller-coaster Curran over. Rossouw had come out with an attacking intent and he took on Rabada in the next over cracking two sixes and a four. Shaw then brought up his 13th IPL fifty off 36 balls. Rossouw took the pressure off Shaw and was in the mood as he smashed a 91m six out of the ground. However against the run of play Curran bounced back to remove Shaw 54 off 38 as he mistimed his pull to deep square leg. Rossouw then brought up his maiden IPL fifty off just 25 balls. Things got slower for a couple of overs before Salt and Rossouw picked them up and provided the final flourish smashing four sixes and three fours in the last two overs to amass 41 runs and power DC to a daunting 213/2.Rilee Rossouw remained unbeaten on 82 off 37 balls while Phil Salt remained not out on 26 off 14.Punjab Kings introduced Prabhsimran Singh who walked out to open the batting as their Impact Player replacing Nathan Ellis while DC brought on Mukesh Kumar as their Impact Player replacing Prithvi Shaw at the start of the second innings.

Date 16 May 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 63 LSG vs MI - Match Report


Lucknow Super Giants made it two wins in a row and moved to the third position in the table as they beat Mumbai Indians in a thrilling Match 63 of TATA IPL 2023 at the Bharat Ratna Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee Ekana Cricket Stadium in Lucknow.Ice-cool Yash Dayal displayed nerves of steel as he nailed his yorkers and defended 11 off the last over to win a nail-biter for the home side. Marcus Stoinis power-packed knock of 89*47 his highest score in the IPL combined with a composed 4942 from captain Krunal Pandya propelled the home side to a competitive 177/3 after they were reduced to 35/3 inside the first seven overs. Ravi Bishnoi then shone with the ball with a brilliant spell of 4-0-26-2 as the LSG bowlers held their nerve in the slog overs to pull off a five-run win.Chasing 178 Mumbai Indians got off to a breezy start. Ishan Kishan was off the blocks quickly as he swept one powerfully behind square leg for a four off Krunal Pandya in the first over and then took on Mohsin Khan flicking one for a six over deep backward square leg and another one through the same region for a four in the second over.Kishan cracked another four off Naveen-ul-Haq before Rohit Sharma showed first signs of aggression as he charged down the track and clobbered a 92m six over deep mid-wicket to welcome Yash Thakur into the attack.Rohit smacked another six off Naveen before a splendid effort from Bishnoi on the ropes nearly sent him back. Bishnoi couldnt maintain his balance after taking a leaping catch at deep backward square leg but the momentum pushed him onto the ropes and he couldnt throw the ball inside the ropes. MI had an excellent Powerplay as they reached 58/0.Rohit and Kishan kept the scorecard ticking mixing singles and twos with boundaries but it was Ravi Bishnoi who provided the crucial breakthrough as he had Rohit 37 off 25 caught at long on to break the 90-run opening stand.Kishan then brought up his fifty off just 34 balls as he pulled one over square leg for a four off Krunal. He pulled another one over mid-wicket two balls later to bring up the 100 in the 11th over. Bishnoi struck again in his next over as he had Kishan caught at deep square leg for 5939 to help LSG crawl back into the match.Impact Player Yash Thakur then provided a crucial moment in the match as he made Suryakumar Yadav drag one onto the stumps as he paddled it onto his stumps trying to scoop.With 47 needed off 24 Mohsin came back and removed the in-form Nehal Wadhera 16 off 20 caught at deep square leg. MI introduced Vishnu Vinod as their Impact Player as he walked out to bat at the fall of Wadheras wicket. David cracked a huge six in the over but overall it was a decent over for LSG with 8 runs and a wicket and the equation reading 39 needed off 18.Yash Thakur then bowled a fantastic over as he had Impact Player Vishnu Vinod caught at deep square leg and gave away just nine runs as the equation came down to 30 needed off 12.After a dot off the first ball of the penultimate over David hammered a huge 90m six over wide long on off Naveen. He crashed the next one to long off and scampered through for a couple. Naveen then bowled a waist height no ball as David missed his swing and the keeper too couldnt stop it and it ran away for four. Naveen bounced back with two dot balls as David missed his swings across the line. David though finished the over in style with another six as he hammered one over long on to make it 19 runs off the over.With 11 needed off the last over Krunal handed the ball to Mohsin. The left-arm pacer showed nerves of steel as he nailed his yorkers to perfection and didnt give an inch to David 32* off 19 and Cameron Green 4* off 6. The MI duo could manage just five runs as Mohsin bowled a spectacular over to spark wild celebrations in the LSG camp. Mohsin bounced back really well after going for 13 in his first over and finishing with 3-0-26-1.Earlier Mumbai Indians captain Rohit Sharma won the toss and elected to bowl. They made two changes to the starting XI as Chris Jordan and Akash Madhwal replaced Vishnu Vinod and Kumar Kartikeya. The away team named Ramandeep Singh Vishnu Vinod Tristan Stubbs Kumar Kartikeya and Raghav Goel as their substitutes.Lucknow Super Giants made five changes to the starting eleven as Ayush Badoni Deepak Hooda Mohsin Khan Naveen-ul-Haq and Swapnil Singh replaced Kyle Mayers Yash Thakur Yudhvir Singh Amit Mishra and Avesh Khan. Yash Thakur K Gowtham Daniel Sams Yudhvir Singh and Kyle Mayers made it to their substitutes list.Mumbai Indians started off well and could have had an early wicket when Deepak Hooda miscued his loft off Chris Jordan in the second over but Tim David couldnt hold on to a tough running catch. He didnt make any mistake when presented with a chance for the second time though as Hooda again miscued a swing across the line and David pouched it calmly at mid on in the next over from Jason Behrendorff. Behrendorff made it two wickets in two balls as he had LSGs last match hero Prerak Mankad caught behind for a duck.In between Quinton de Kock played a glorious pick up shot for a six over deep backward square leg. Captain Krunal Pandya then hit a well-timed four through extra cover off Hrithik Shokeen and De Kock lofted a one-handed six over long off off Jordan as LSG reached 35/3.Piyush Chawla then arrived into the attack and just like hes done it throughout the season struck immediately off his first ball as he had De Kock 16 off 15 caught behind off a brilliant googly.Marcus Stoinis finally broke the shackles as he charged down the wicket and thumped a six over wide long on off Hrithik Shokeen as LSG brought up their 50 in the 8th over. He hit another maximum in the next over slog sweeping Chawla over deep mid-wicket. Akash Madhwal then bowled a disciplined first over to give away just five as LSG reached 68/3 at the halfway stage.Krunal and Stoinis played calculated cricket mixing singles and twos with boundaries as they brought up the 50-run stand off 34 balls and LSGs hundred in the 14th over. It was a mixed period for LSG as Stoinis cracked another muscular six off Green but LSG then suffered a blow as Krunal had to walk off the field retired hurt in the 16th over. He seemed to have injured his leg trying to take a single. Madhwal then produced a brilliant yorker which floored Stoinis and hit him on the pads the umpire gave it out on the appeal but Stoinis reviewed it and Ball Tracking showed it was missing leg. Stoinis got lucky again as he survived a run out chance after he had given up trying to run through for a risky single off the next ball.Stoinis then brought up his fifty off 36 balls with a thumping six over long on off Jordan. He went berserk in the over to provide crucial impetus hitting three more fours and a six to make it 24 runs off the 18th over. He continued the momentum in the next over as he cracked two more sixes off Behrendorff in the penultimate over to make it 39 off two overs. Stoinis then finished the innings off in style as he lofted a one-handed six over long off Madhwal to propel LSG to 177/3. The home team smashed 54 in the last three overs as Stoinis remained unbeaten on 89 off 47 balls.LSG brought in Yash Thakur as the Impact Player in place of Prerak Mankad at the start of the second over off their bowling innings.

Date 15 May 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 62 GT vs SRH - Match Report


Shubman Gill Mohd. Shami Mohit Sharma sparkled in Ahmedabad to power Gujarat Titans into the Play-offs with a comprehensive win over Sunrisers Hyderabad in Match 62 of TATA IPL at the Narendra Modi Stadium in Ahmedabad.Gill sizzled with his maiden IPL ton 101 off 58 hitting 13 fours and a six and was ably supported by Sai Sudharsan 4736 to help GT put on a competitive 188/9 after a lion-hearted Bhuvneshwar had picked up his second IPL fifer 5/31. Shami 4/21 then ripped through the SRH top order and Mohit 4/24 scythed through the middle-order as the away team overcame a fighting effort from Heinrich Klaasen 64 off 44 to restrict SRH to 154/9 and become the first team to qualify for the Play-offs.Chasing 189 SRH were jolted early as they lost three wickets inside the Powerplay. The away side got lucky early as Impact Player Anmolpreet Singh was dropped at slip by Rahul Tewatia off just the second ball of the innings from Mohd. Shami. Anmolpreets luck didnt last long though as he was caught at third man off Shami three balls later.Impact Player Yash Dayal struck in his first over as he had Abhishek Sharma caught behind to open his wickets account this season. Shami then sent back Rahul Tripathi in the next over as he had him caught at slip by Tewatia who made up for the dropped catch.Shami was unstoppable as he got his third having Markram caught at point off a leading edge. Sanvir Singh hit a thumping six off Shami to get off the mark in the IPL and Klassen cracked a six over extra cover off Rashid to provide some relief as SRH hobbled to 45/4 at the end of the Powerplay.The in-form Mohit Sharma arrived into the attack and struck straight away as he sent back Sanvir Singh caught at third man. Abdul Samad got off the mark clobbering one through covers for a four but Mohit bounced back to remove him next ball off a slower one as Samad hit it straight to short mid-wicket as SRH were reduced to 49/6.The collapse continued as Jansen miscued his loft to mid off where Hardik Pandya pouched it calmly to give Mohit Sharma his third wicket.In between all the chaos the in-form Heinrich Klaasen kept battling hard as he brought up his half-century off 35 balls. He was a bit lucky as he was dropped by Miller earlier but he rode his luck and brought up the fifty-run stand with Bhuvneshwar Kumar as the duo steadied the ship post the massive collapse.Shami then provided another crucial moment as he came back to dismiss the dangerous Klaasen 64 off 44 caught at long off. Klaasen displayed his range in a valiant effort as Shami finished with excellent figures of 4-0-21-4. With 62 needed off 18 balls it was always going to be a bridge too far with the last recognised batter in the hut. Markande hit a six and a four off Mohit but the wily pacer bounced back to remove Bhuvneshwar 27 off 26 two balls later to scalp his fourth wicket as GT restricted SRH to 154/9.Earlier Sunrisers Hyderabad captain Aiden Markram won the toss and elected to bowl. They made two changes to the starting XI as Sanvir Singh and Marco Jansen replaced Anmolpreet Singh and Glenn Phillips. Akeal Hosein Mayank Dagar Anmolpreet Singh Glenn Phillips and Nitish Reddy made it to their substitutes list.Gujarat Titans made three changes to their starting eleven as Sai Sudharsan Shubman Gill and Dasun Shanaka debutant replaced Abhinav Manohar Vijay Shankar and Alzarri Joseph. They named Yash Dayal KS Bharat Darshan Nalkande Sai Kishore and Shivam Mavi as their substitutes.Bhuvneshwar Kumar did Bhuvneshwar Kumar things as he struck in the first over having Wriddhiman Saha caught at second slip off just the third ball of the innings as GT got off to a chaotic start. GT would have been two down in the next ball as Sai Sudharsan scampered through for a risky single and the fielder missed his direct hit at the non-strikers end. Had he hit Sudharsan was a goner. He again survived another run out chance in the next over as he guided one to cover-point and set off but Gill sent him back the fielder made a diving save but missed the direct hit. Again a bulls-eye throw would have had Sudharsan walking back.Sudharsan and Gill then pressed the accelerator as they cracked three fours off Bhuvneshwar to make it 15 off the over. Gill then went after Fazalhaq Farooqi cracking four fours in a row to make it 18 off the over. The duo hit some fantastic well-placed cuts pulls and drives on the up to take GT to 65/1 at the end of the Powerplay.Gill kept the momentum going as he brought up his fifth half-century of the season off just 22 balls with a powerful cut through point. SRH pulled back things a bit as Farooqi came back well after conceding 18 off his first over to give away just 6 while Markande conceded 8 runs in the next over as GT reached 103/1 at the halfway mark.Sudharsan then upped the ante again as he lapped one over fine leg for a six off a no ball from Jansen and then heaved one to deep mid-wicket off a free-hit where Bhuvneshwar dropped the catch and let it roll over to the fence as the pair accumulated 15 off the over. Gill smacked a six and a four in the next over from Abhishek Sharma to take 13 runs off it. Sudharsan then got another reprieve as Natarajan couldnt hold on to a touch caught and bowled chance.Sudharsans luck finally ran out as he miscued his heave to short third man where Natarajan pouched a good tricky catch off Jasen to break the 147-run stand. GT lost two in quick succession as Bhuvneshwar came back and had Hardik Pandya caught at point. David Miller departed in the next over caught at long on. Tewatia too didnt last long as he miscued his loft to mid off where Jansen pouched a brilliant catch off Farooqi. Gill then brought up his maiden IPL ton off just 56 balls as he got a standing ovation from the Ahmedabad crowd. The GT openers innings finally ended as Bhuvneshwar had him caught at extra cover for 10158. Bhuvneshwar had his fourth off the next ball as he had Rashid Khan caught behind. He didnt get the hat-trick but SRH managed to get a team hat-trick as Bhuvneshwar produced a direct hit to run out Noor Ahmad as they set off for a risky bye. Bhuvneshwar completed his five-for as he had Shami caught at long on off a slower one.It was a fantastic comeback from SRH as they conceded just 34 runs and picked up seven wickets in the last five overs as the away team restricted GT to 188/9.SRH introduced Anmolpreet Singh as their Impact Player replacing T Natarajan in the 20th over while GT introduced Yash Dayal as their Impact Player replacing centurion Shubman Gill at the start of the second innings.

Date 14 May 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 61 CSK Vs KKR - Match Report


Kolkata Knight Riders bagged two important points as they bounced back from the defeat against Rajasthan Royals to beat Chennai Super Kings in Match 61 of TATA IPL 2023 at the MA Chidambaram Stadium in Chennai.A skillful and disciplined bowling performance from the KKR bowlers led by Sunil Narine 2/15 saw the away team restrict CSK to 144/6. Captain Nitish Rana 57* off 44 and the in-form Rinku Singh 54 off 43 then stabilised a stuttering chase with composed knocks and mixed caution with aggression to take KKR past the finish line with some impressive and sensible batting.
Chasing 145 KKR got off to a stuttering start as they lost Rahmanullah Gurbaz in the first over was a sliced one wide of third man where Tushar Deshpande pouched a very good balancing catch.

Impact Player Venkatesh Iyer then tried to provide some impetus with two fours off Chahar. But the CSK pacer bounced back to have Iyer caught at slip in the same over. Nitish Rana opened his boundary account with a six over long leg off Chahar but Chahar hit back again in the same over as he had Jason Roy caught at slip off a knuckle ball. Captain Nitish Rana looked in good touch as he lofted another six over long off off Deshpande to take KKR to 46/3 at the end of the Powerplay.CSK bowled with discipline and gave away just 21 off the next four overs as the away team reached 67/3 at the halfway mark but run rate was the least of concerns for KKR. They required stability and rebuilding and Rana and Rinku were doing a really good job of it. CSK came close to picking a wicket as Rana top edged his sweep to deep square leg where Pathirana couldnt hold on to a tough chance. Rana and Rinku kept chipping away without taking many risks and then brought up the 50-run stand in the 12th over. The duo then upped the ante as Rana hit back to back fours off Moeen Ali. Rinku Singh then smacked a six off Jadeja before Rana took on Theekshana for a couple of fours to bring the required run rate below six with 28 needed off 30. Rinku Singh then brought up his fifty off 39 balls with a four off Pathirana as KKR took 9 runs from the over.
Rana brought up his 50 off 38 balls as the duo took six singles off Theekshana in the 17th over. The 99-run stand was finally broken via a brilliant direct hit run out from Moeen Ali to send back Rinku Singh 54 off 43. Rana 57* off 44 and Russell made sure there were no more stutters as they finished off the chase with nine balls to spare.Earlier Chennai Super Kings captain MS Dhoni won the toss and elected to bat. They named an unchanged XI. Matheesha Pathirana Nishant Sindhu Subhranshu Senapati Shaik Rasheed and Akash Singh made it to the home teams substitutes list.Kolkata Knight Riders made two changes to the starting eleven as Vaibhav Arora and Suyash Sharma replaced Venkatesh Iyer and Anukul Roy. They named N Jagadeesan Umesh Yadav Venkatesh Iyer Lockie Ferguson and Anukul Roy as their substitutes.CSK got off to a brisk start but lost Ruturaj Gaikwad in the Powerplay. Ruturaj Gaikwad and Devon Conway hit one four in each of the first three overs. Gaikwad then swept one off Varun Chakaravarthy for another four but the wily spinner bounced back to have Gaikwad 17 off 13 caught at short third man. Rahane then released some pressure with a classy four and a six to take 11 from the Harshit Rana over. Vaibhav Arora finished the Powerplay well giving away just four as CSK reached 52/1.KKR kept things tight and that built the pressure which brought about the dismissal of Rahane 16 off 11 who mistimed his loft to long off and had to walk back to the pavilion. Devon Conway 30 off 28 followed soon as he top edged his pull to deep square leg off Shardul Thakur as CSK hobbled to 68/3 at the halfway stage.The wickets kept falling as Sunil Narine cleaned up Ambati Rayudu 4 off 7 and Moeen Ali 1 off 2 in the 11th over to jolt CSK.Ravindra Jadeja and Shivam Dube then got together to rebuild the innings. They mixed caution with aggression as the pair brought up 50-run stand in the 18th over. The duo smashed three sixes combined in the 17-18 over period to accumulate 31 off 2 overs. KKR though finished well with some good slog overs bowling as Shardul gave away just five in the penultimate over while Vaibhav Arora dismissed Jadeja 20 off 24 and gave away nine runs as CSK posted 144/6 from 20 overs.CSK introduced Matheesha Pathirana as their Impact Player replacing Ambati Rayudu at the start of their bowling innings.

Date 14 May 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 60 RR Vs RCB - Match Report


Royal Challengers Bangalore bounced back in style after two losses in a row to register crucial two points on the table as they beat Rajasthan Royals in Match 60 of TATA IPL 2023 at the Sawai Mansingh Stadium in Jaipur.Run machine Faf du Plessis composed innings of 55 off 44 his seventh fifty of IPL 2023 coupled with crucial attack innings under pressure from Glenn Maxwell 54 off 33 and Anuj Rawat29* off 11 lifted RCB to a competitive 171/5.The RCB bowlers led by Wayne Parnell 3/10 then came out all guns blazing to scalp five RR wickets inside the Powerplay. The hosts never recovered from that as they were bowled out for 59 inside 11 overs.Chasing 172 Rajasthan Royals were shocked early as Yashasvi Jaiswal 0 off 2 walked back to the hut off the second ball of the innings as he hit one uppishly straight to mid off off Mohd. Siraj. Jaiswals opening partner Jos Buttler 0 off 2 departed in the next over as he hit one straight to point off Wayne Parnell. Captain Sanju Samson walked back two balls later as he top-edged his pull off Parnell and Anuj Rawat took a good running catch.RR then introduced Devdutt Padikkal who walked in at No.5 as their Impact Player replacing Chahal. Joe Root then survived a scare as he was given out LBW off Siraj but he reviewed it successfully as the Ball Tracking showed it was going over the stumps. RR lost another one in the Powerplay as Impact Player Devdutt Padikkal hit one powerfully to short mid-wicket where Siraj took a good low catch. RR lost half their side inside the six overs as Parnell trapped Root LBW. The batter reviewed it but Ball Tracking showed it was hitting leg - All three reds.The collapse didnt stop there as Michael Bracewell joined the wicket-taking party as he had Dhruv Jurel caught at deep square leg in the next over. Shimron Hetmyer then went on the counterattack smashing three sixes in a row off Karn Sharma but after the joy there was despair in the same over as Ashwin was run out by a Dhoni-esque flick onto the stumps by keeper Anuj Rawat. Hetmyers short little cameo of 3519 ended in the next over as he mistimed his heave straight into the hands of the long-on fielder. Karn Sharma then sent back Adam Zampa and KM Asif in the 11th over as RR were bowled out for third-lowest total in the IPL - 59.Earlier Royal Challengers Bangalore captain Faf du Plessis won the toss and elected to bat. The away team made three changes to the starting XI as Michael Bracewell Wayne Parnell and Karn Sharma replaced Wanindu Hasaranga Josh Hazlewood and Vijaykumar Vyshak. They named Vijaykumar Vyshak Finn Allen Shahbaz Ahmed Himanshu Sharma and Suyash Prabhudessai as their substitutes.Rajasthan Royals made one change to the starting eleven as Adam Zampa replaced Trent Boult. Devdutt Padikkal Riyan Parag Kuldip Yadav Donovan Ferreira and Navdeep Saini made it to their substitutes list.The Rajasthan Royals bowlers started off well and bowled with discipline. There was just one odd loose ball in the first three overs which Kohli slashed through point for a four. And that was the only four conceded in the first three overs. Faf du Plessis finally changed gears as he cut one through point for a four and then pulled one over wide long-on for a six to make it 12 runs off the fourth over. Yuzvendra Chahal and R Ashwin were then introduced into the attack and they started off well giving away five and eight runs respectively off the next two overs as RCB reached 42/0 at the end of the Powerplay. RR conceded just three fours and a six in the first six overs.Faf then survived a run out chance following a big mix-up with Kohli as Yashasvi Jaiswal missed his direct hit with Du Plessis struggling to make it. Jaiswal was in action once again but on the other side as he held on to a tricky high catch of Virat Kohli 18 off 19 after the bowler KM Asif had bowled a lovely knuckle ball to deceive the former RCB captain who miscued his loft.RCB were going at around 7 an over and they desperately needed a move on. Glenn Maxwell had a little look to start off but then tonked one over wide long on off Ashwin for a six and cut one powerfully through cover-point off Chahal for a four. Maxwell pulled one powerfully through mid-wicket off Adam Zampa for another four as RCB reached 78/1 at the halfway mark. But RR pulled things back and conceded just 8. RCB batters found the going tough and Maxwell had to find creative ways to keep going as he reverse pulled one to third man for a four and then slashed one over point for another four off Sandeep Sharma. Maxwell then smashed a muscular six over the sightscreen off Ashwin as the duo brought up the 50-run stand. Du Plessis who was playing a composed knock at the other end then brought up his seventh fifty of the season with a thumping six over deep mid-wicket off Asif but the RR pacer hit back hard as he had Du Plessis 55 off 44 caught at extra cover three balls later. One brought two and two brought three as RCB lost two wickets in the next over.Mahipal Lomror arrived but didnt last long as he mistimed his heave off Zampa to deep mid-wicket where Dhruv Jurel took a juggling catch. Zampa trapped Dinesh Karthik LBW off the next ball via a successful review as Zampa finished a fine spell of 4-0-25-2. Maxwell then again provided some relief as he cracked a four and a six off Chahal to bring up his fifth fifty of the season off 32 balls. He however departed in the next over trying to up the scoring as he missed his reverse sweep off a clever yorker from Sandeep Sharma and was castled.Anuj Rawat then provided a crucial late surge as he scored 29* off 11 including 6 6 4 off the last three balls of the innings to propel RCB to a competitive 171/5. RCB introduced Shahbaz Ahmed as their Impact Player in place of Dinesh Karthik.

Date 13 May 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 59 DC Vs PBKS - Match Report


Lion-hearted Prabhsimran Singh and brave Harbreet Brat set the stage on fire as they powered Punjab Kings to a win over Delhi Capitals in Match 59 of TATA IPL 2023 at the Arun Jaitley stadium in Delhi.Prabhsimran smashed his maiden IPL ton 103 off 65 to propel PBKS to a competitive total of 167/7. Harpreet Brar then ripped through the DC batting line-up with 4/30 as a lethal bowling performance from PBKS saw them restrict the home side to 136/8 and win the match by 31 runs. Delhi Capitals were knocked out of the competition courtesy of the loss while PBKS moved to sixth in the table courtesy the win.Chasing 168 Delhi Capitals got off to a fast start courtesy David Warner and Phil Salt. David Warner got going offthe first ball itself cracking a pull through mid-wicket for a four. He then slapped one through backward point for two fours in a row. Phil Salt then got into the groove cracking a couple of fours off Harpreet Brar as the pair accumulated 13 off the over. The boundary flow didnt stop as the duo hit a total of 11 fours and a six inside the Powerplay to take DC to 65/0 at the end of first six overs.Brar finally provided the breakthrough as he came back strong to clean up Salt 21 off 17. Warner then brought up his 60th IPL fifty off just 23 balls but soon he saw Mitchell Marsh depart at the other end as he was trapped LBW by Rahul Chahar. It all started going downhill for Delhi Capitals from then on. The home side lost another wicket to a spinner as Rilee Rossouw mistimed his heave straight to deep mid-wicket off Brar. The left-arm spinner provided a huge moment in the game five balls later as he had David Warner 54 off 27 trapped LBW via a successful review. The next ball saw Axar walk back as he was trapped LBW by Rahul Chahar. He opted for a review but The onfield decision stayed as the ball was clipping leg stump - umpires call.Brar then scalped his fourth as he cleaned up Impact Player Manish Pandey with a beauty. DC went from 74/1 to 88/6 in three overs. Aman Khan and Praveen Dubey then steadied the ship with a 30-run stand but with the required run rate creeping up Aman 16 off 18 departed holing out to deep mid-wicket off Impact Player Nathan Ellis who had replaced centurion Prabhsimran Singh at the start of the second innings. It was always going to be an uphill task from then on and DC eventually fell short by 31 runs.Earlier Delhi Capitals captain David Warner won the toss and elected to bowl. They made two changes to the starting XI as Mukesh Kumar and Dubey replaced Ripal Patel and Lalit Yadav. They named Ripal Patel Lalit Yadav Manish Pandey Chetan Sakariya and Abishek Porel as their substitutes.Punjab Kings made one change to the starting eleven as Sikandar Raza replaced Bhanuka Rajapaksa. Nathan Ellis Atharva Taide Matthew Short Harpreet Bhatia and Mohit Rathee made it to their substitutes list.Delhi Capitals got off to a good start courtesy Ishant Sharma. The senior pacer struck early as he got the big wicket of Shikhar Dhawan in the second over. Khaleel started off with a disciplined four-run over. Dhawan then greeted Ishant Sharma with a six over long on first ball but the lanky DC pacer bounced back to have the PBKS captain caught at deep square leg off the next ball.Prabhsimran then looked to up the ante hitting three fours in the next two overs but PBKS were jolted again in the next over as Ishant cleaned up Liam Livingstone who went for a wild swing across the line but missed and found the stumps shattered.PBKS lost another one in the next over as Axar Patel cleaned up the in-form Jitesh Sharma. DC kept the pressure on as the next four overs cost just 20 runs. Prabhsimran then turned tables by breaking the shackles and cracking two sixes and a four off Mitchell Marsh. He kept the momentum going despite losing Sam Curran and Harpreet Brar at the other end. He got lucky in the 15th over as he was dropped by Rossouw on 64 and he made DC pay as he paced his innings perfectly and reached his maiden IPL hundred in style with two fours in a row off Khaleel Ahmed. He got there off 61 balls.Prabhsimran 103 off 65 finally departed in the penultimate over as he missed his reverse ramp and the ball ricocheted off his pads onto the stumps off Mukesh Kumar who bowled a fantastic over and gave away just three. Sikandar Raza smacked a six over long on off Khaleel in the last over but the pacer finished well giving away just four off the last four balls and taking the wicket of Shahrukh Khan as PBKS posted 167/7.

Date 13 May 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 58 SRH Vs LSG - Match Report


Lucknow Super Giants notched a crucial win to get into top 4 after two defeats and a no result to beat Sunrisers Hyderabad in 58th match of TATA IPL 2023 at the Rajiv Gandhi International Stadium in Hyderabad.Prerak Mankad made his mark with a crucial knock 64* off 45 of as impactful breezy knocks from Marcus Stoinis 40 off 25 and Nicholas Pooran 44* off13 sparked a brilliant comeback to achieve LSG a seven-wicket win after attacking cameos from Heinrich Klassen 47 off 29 Abdul Samad 37 off 25 Anmolpreet Singh 36 off 27 had propelled the home side to a competitive 182/6.Earlier Sunrisers Hyderabad captain Aiden Markram won the toss and elected to bat. They named Vivrant Sharma Sanvir Singh Mayank Dagar Nitish Reddy and Marco Jansen as their substitutes while LSG named Swapnil Singh Daniel Sams Ayush Badoni Deepak Hooda and Arput Guleria as their substitutes.Chasing 183 Lucknow Super Giants were dented early as they lost Kyle Mayers in the fourth over with just 12 on the board. Mayers struggled to get going with 2 from 13 balls and then mistimed one to mid off where captain Markram pulled off a brilliant diving catch.The SRH bowlers kept a tight leash on the scoring. Prerak Mankad then provided some relief with two consecutive fours off Fazalhaq Farooqi as LSG reached 30/1 at the end of the powerplay. Quinton de Kock too looked to up the ante with a four and a six off Mayank Markande but the wily spinner bounced back to send back the South African batter in his next over as he top-edged his reverse sweep to backward point on 2919.Things slowed down again as LSG reached 68/2 at the halfway mark.With 108 needed off 48 and required rate climbing above 13 Mankad and Stoinis stepped up a gear as they took 14 off Farooqi over and then Mankad smacked a six and a four off Markande to make it 28 off two overs.Stoinis continued to deal in sixes as he smacked three more including two off Abhishek Sharma but the SRH all-rounder bounced back to have him caught at long off for 4025. Pooran arrived and took off with three sixes in a row to finish a roller-coaster over as they accumulated 31 off the over to bring the equation down to 38 off 24.T Natarajan started the 17th over well giving away just four off the first four balls but Mankad finished off the over with a six and a four to bring the equation down to 24 off 18. LSG again finished another over well as Pooran cracked a back to back fours off Bhuvneshwar Kumar who had conceded just two runs off the first four balls. With 14 needed off 12 Natarajan again started off well giving away just three singles off the first four balls but then Pooran thumped a muscular pull over deep mid-wicket for a six to make it a 10-run over.With four needed off the final over Pooran heaved the first ball to deep mid-wicket off Farooqi where Phillips put in a brilliant dive to save two runs. But with two needed off the last ball Pooran flicked the next one wide of short fine leg for a four to win it for LSG.Sunrisers Hyderabad got off to a brisk start but lost Abhishek Sharma and Rahul Tripathi inside the Powerplay. Anmolpreet Singh hit a couple of beautiful drives through covers and straight down the ground for fours and Abhishek Sharma lifted one over covers off Mayers for the third four off the innings. Yudhvir Singh then bowled a fiery over to start off as he had Abhishek Sharma caught behind off a sharp fast and short delivery via a successful review and then pinged Rahul Tripathis helmet with a fast bouncer. Tripathi then got going with a couple of fours off Krunal Pandya. Tripathi and Anmolpreet then put on an exhibition in placement as they hit four well-timed and well-placed fours through the off side to make it 18 off the over.However against the run of play SRH lost Tripathi 20 off 13 as Yash Thakur bounced him out with Quinton de Kock pulling off a fine one-handed leaping catch. SRH reached 56/2 at the end of the Powerplay. Anmolpreet Singh and Aiden Markram got together and kept the scoreboard ticking adding 26 off 19 balls. Markram cracked a six straight down the ground off Mishra but the wily experienced campaigner bounced back to dismiss Anmolpreet Singh 36 off 27 caught and bowled with a lovely flighted delivery as SRH reached 95/3 at the halfway mark.Klaasen then attacked Ravi Bishnoi smacking a four and a six but Krunal came back to produce two moments of magic as he had Markram stumped and then cleaned up Glenn Phillips next ball with two absolutely rippers that spun away viciously.Klaasen continued his aggressive approach as he clobbered two consecutive sixes off Mishra and Abdul Samad too hit two sixes one off Yash Thakur and one off Krunal. The duo added runs before Klaasen departed for an aggressive 4729. Samad 37* off 25 hit another six in the last over from Yash Thakur to finish off well as SRH posted 182/6.

Date 12 May 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 57 MI Vs GT - Match Report


Suryakumar Yadav storm hit Wankhede again as he smashed a scintillating 103* off 49 to power Mumbai Indians to a 27-run win over Gujarat Titans in Match 57 of TATA IPL 2023 at the Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai.Suryakumar Yadav smashed 11 fours and six sixes on his way to his maiden IPL century 103* off 49 balls as Mumbai Indians posted a daunting 218/5. Impact Player Akash Madhwal then led the way with the ball with 3/36 as Mumbai Indians restricted GT to 191/8 but not before Rashid Khan went on a six-hitting spree hammering 10 maximums on his way to his highest T20 score of 79* off 32 after he had starred with the ball in the first innings with 4/30.Chasing 219 Gujarat Titans were rocked early as they lost three wickets inside four overs. MIs Impact Player Akash Madhwal struck in his first over as he trapped Wriddhiman Saha LBW. Jason Behrendorff then got the big wicket of Hardik Pandya as he had him caught behind in the next over. Vijay Shankar started off well and cracked a couple of fours off Madhwal but the MI pacer struck back and cleaned up Gill 6 off 9 in the same over.Shankar looked in good touch and continued his aggressive approach as he cracked three fours in a row off Behrendorff. But he couldnt continue for long as Piyush Chawla cleaned him up with a brilliant googly as he walked back for 2914. Gujarat Titans were five down in the next over the 8th of the innings as Kumar Kartikeya cleaned up Abhinav Manohar as he missed his pull off a faster one. GT trudged to 83/5 at the halfway stage.The wicket-flow didnt stop as Akash Madhwal trapped David Miller LBW which he unsuccessfully reviewed and then in the next over Chawla had Rahul Tewatia caught at deep square leg and then Kartikeya cleaned up Noor Ahmad as GT were left tottering at 103/8.Rashid Khan came out fighting and smashed a 21-ball fifty. He kept going to smash his highest T20 score of 79* off 32 balls hammering 10 sixes and three fours but chasing down 218 with regular wickets falling was always going to be a bridge too far as GT fell short by 27 runs.Earlier Gujarat Titans captain Hardik Pandya won the toss and elected to field. They made one change to the starting eleven as Alzarri Joseph replaced Shubman Gill. KS Bharat Shivam Mavi Sai Kishore Sai Sudharsan and Shubman Gill were named as the away teams substitutes.Mumbai Indians made one change to the starting XI as Vishnu Vinod replaced Akash Madhwal. They named Ramandeep Singh Akash Madhwal Dewald Brevis Sandeep Warrier and Hrithik Shokeen as their substitutes.Ishan Kishan and Rohit Sharma got MI off to a brisk start. Kishan showed first signs of aggression as he thumped one over mid off off the last ball of the first over from Mohd. Shami for a four and then Rohit opened his boundary account cracking one through cover-point for a four off Mohit Sharma and then lofting one two balls later over mid off for the second four of the over. He then smashed the last ball over deep square leg for a six to make it 14 runs off the second over. The sixes arrived thick and fast as Kishan and Rohit hit a six each off Shami in the third over to accumulate 17 off the over. Titans pulled things back a bit for the next two overs. Kishan then ended the Poweplay well with two fours off the sixth over as MI reached 61/0 at the end of the Powerplay.Rashid Khan then turned the tables as he sent back Rohit Sharma and Ishan Kishan in the same over. Rohit 19 off 18 was caught at slip while Kishan 31 off 20 was trapped LBW. The in-form Wadhera got off to an attacking start with a four and a six off Noor Ahmad but Rashid came back to dismiss him as he chopped one onto the stumps.MI reached 96/3 at the halfway mark. After a quiet over Vishnu Vinod and Suryakumar Yadav went on the attack hammering a six each off Alzarri Joseph and then hitting a couple of fours and a six off Shami to make it 15 off the over. Suryakumar Yadav smacked a four and a six off Joseph as the pair brought up the 50-run stand. Mohit finally broke the 65-run stand as he had Vishu Vinod 30 off 20 caught at deep square leg.Suryakumar then brought up his fifty off 32 balls with a four off Rashid Khan. Tim David too hit a four in the over but Rashid bounced back to have David caught and bowled.Suryakumar then went berserk clobbering three fours and a six off Mohit and then taking on Shami hitting a six and two fours to make it 37 from two overs.Suryakumar needed 13 runs in the last over to reach his maiden IPL century and he did it smashing a couple of sixes off Joseph including a last ball six to reach his century. He remained unbeaten on 103 off 49 balls and powered Mumbai Indians to 218/5.Akash Madhwal was introduced as MIs Impact Player replacing Vishnu Vinod while Shubman Gill was introduced as GTs Impact player in place of Mohit Sharma at the start of the 2nd innings.

Date 11 May 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 56 KKR Vs RR - Match Report


Records tumbled in Kolkata as Rajasthan Royals RR climbed to number three on the points table in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2023 after registering a 9-wicket victory over the Kolkata Knight Riders KKR on Thursday at the Eden Gardens.
A Yuzvendra Chahal four-wicket haul and Yashasvi Jaiswals record-breaking half-century propelled Rajasthan Royals to an emphatic victory.
Chasing 150 to win Rajasthan Royals couldnt have got off to a better start. Yashasvi Jaiswals batting had confidence written all over it as the in-form opener hammered 26-run off the very first over.
Andre Russells excellent direct-hit provided the opening breakthrough for KKR as Jos Buttler was out without scoring.
However Yashasvi Jaiswal was unstoppable with the bat and the RR opener notched the fastest fifty ever in the history of IPL. Rajasthan Royals were cruising in the chase as they moved to 78/1 after 6 overs.
The hundred was up for Rajasthan Royals in the tenth over as Yashasvi Jaiswal continued his dominant aggressive batting display. RR skipper Sanju Samson also jumped on the bandwagon and was dealing in boundaries.
It took only 56 balls for the Jaiswal-Samson duo to stitch a hundred-run stand for the second wicket. With more than 6 overs to spare the Rajasthan Royals completed the chase and Yashasvi Jaiswal remained unbeaten on 98* as the visitors registered a comprehensive 9-wicket victory in Kolkata.
Earlier Rajasthan Royals won the toss and elected to field first in Kolkata. The scoring opportunities were restricted for openers Jason Roy and Rahmanullah Gurbaz courtesy of RRs strong pace attack. Shimron Hetmyer took a magnificent catch near the ropes off Trent Boults bowling to put RR on top early in the innings.
Gurbaaz then picked up the scoring rate with two fine lofted maximums but the KKR opener became Trent Boults second victim inside the powerplay.
The powerplay belonged to RR but KKR had two experienced batters in the form of captain Nitish Rana and Venkatesh Iyer in the middlle who began to rebuild. The duo formed a vital partnership and upped the ante after scoring 18 runs off the Ashwin over.
KKR were placed at 76/2 at the halfway mark before Yuzvendra Chahal not only put an end to the partnership but also created history by becoming the leading IPL wicket-taker of all time. The hundred was up for KKR in the 13th over as Venkatesh Iyer continued his fearless batting display.
KM Asif entered the wicket-taking party by dismissing the dangerous Andre Russell who was caught at backward point. Venkatesh Iyer reached his half century but it was Yuzvendra Chahal who continued to shine in Kolkata to dismiss both - Iyer & Shardul Thakur.
The RR leg-spinner finished with a fine four-wicket haul while the Kolkata Knight Riders finished with a first-innings total of 149/8 after Sandeep Sharma scalped a wicket on the final delivery of the innings.
Brief ScoresRajasthan Royals 151/1 Yashasvi Jaiswal 98* Sanju Samson 48* beat Kolkata Knight Riders149/8 Venkatesh Iyer 57 Nitish Rana 22 Yuzvendra Chahal 4-25 by 9 wickets.

Date 10 May 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 55 CSK Vs DC - Match Report


Chennai Super Kings notched their seventh win of the tournament their second in a row as they beat Delhi Capitals in Match 55 of TATA IPL 2023 at the MA Chidambaram Stadium in Chennai.A string of cameos from the CSKs middle and lower-middle order batters led by MS Dhonis 9-ball 20 helped CSK post a competitive 167/8. A disciplined bowling effort led by the impressive Matheesha Pathirana 3/37 then saw the home team apply the choke and maintain the stranglehold on the DC batters to restrict them to 140/8 and win the match by 27 runs.Chasing 168 Delhi Capitals were jolted early as David Warner hit one straight to extra cover off the second ball of the first over from Deepak Chahar. Phil Salt though attacked straightaway thumping a four and a six off Tushar Deshpande in the second over. He then clobbered a massive six off Chahar but the wily pacer gave a perfect reply as he had Salt 17 off 11 caught at mid on off the next ball.DCs attacking intent didnt go down as Rilee Rossouw hit a six and a four off Chahar and Impact Player Manish Pandey finished the over with a four to make it 15 off the over. Maheesh Theekshana ended the over well giving away just four singles as DC trudged to 46/3 at the end of the first six overs.DC introduced Manish Pandey as their Impact Player replacing Khaleel Ahmed. He didnt have the best of starts as he was involved in a massive confusion over a single which brought about the dismissal of Mitchell Marsh.CSK kept things disciplined and didnt give away much as DC reached 65/3 at the half-way mark. Manish Pandey then welcomed Matheesha Pathirana into the attack with a cracking whip over deep mid-wicket for a six. But the Sri Lankan pacer hit back hard to dismiss Pandey27 off 29 LBW via a lethal yorker. Pathirana was in action again this time on the other side as he accepted a calm catch to send back Rossouw 35 off 37 off Jadeja as DC were reduced to 89/5 in the 15th over. Axar Patel then got into the act hitting a four off Pathirana and then a massive 86m six over extra cover off Theekshana but the required run rate had climbed to 20 with 60 required off the last three overs.Pathirana then got the massive wicket of Axar Patel 21 off 12 as he outfoxed him with a slower on and had him caught at long on. It was a decent over in the context of the game as Pathirana gave away 12 runs and picked up the wicket of Axar as the equation came down to 48 needed off 12. It required a miracle but DC could manage just off the last two overs as CSK won comprehensively by 27 runs.Earlier Chennai Super Kings captain MS Dhoni won the toss and elected to bat. They made one change to the starting eleven as Ambati Rayudu replaced Matheesha Pathirana. They named Mitchell Santner Subhranshu Senapatim Shaik Rasheed Akash Singh and Matheesha Pathirana as their substitutes.Delhi Capitals made two changes to their starting XI as Ripal Patel and Manish Pandey replaced Manish Pandey and Mukesh Kumar. Manish Pandey Pravin Dubey Chetan Sakariya and Abishek Porel made it to their substitutes list.Chennai Super Kings got off to a streaky start as Ruturaj Gaikwad hit a couple of fours which flew off the edges off Ishant Sharma. He finally got one off the middle as a crunched it through point to make it three fours in the second over. Khaleel Ahmed bowled with discipline and was unlucky not to have got the wicket of Devon Conway as the batter edged one to the keeper but no one picked it up and after a small consultation Delhi Capitals also decided not to review it. Replays showed Conway had got an outside edge trying to play an expansive drive. Khaleel gave away just 9 runs from his first two overs.David Warner then brought Axar Patel into the attack early and he weaved his magic straightaway trapping Conway LBW off the first ball of his spell. He send back the other opener Gaikwad 24 off 18 caught at long off in his next over. And in between Rahane started off in an aggressive fashing smashing a couple of fours off Axar in the same over where he got the wicket of Conway.DC kept applying pressure with accurate bowling as they gave away just 12 runs and picked a wicket from overs 7-9. With frustrations growing Moeen Ali looked to up the scoring and perished in the process as he mistimed his loft straight to backward point off Kuldeep Yadav as CSK reached 66/3 at the halfway stage. It was their lowest total in the first 10 overs in IPL 2023 and it was also the first time they hadnt hit a six uptill the halfway stage.Shivam Dube then broke the shackles as he hammered one over wide long on for a powerful maximum. It was CSKs first boundary after 28 balls. Rahane too tried to force things but departed in process courtesy a spectacular caught and bowled by Lalit Yadav. Rahane smacked one straight back and Lalit dived to his right to pouch a brilliant low one-handed catch. Another quiet period followed before Dube and Rayudu hit the fifth gear smacking three sixes and a four off Lalit Yadav to make it a 23-run over.Warner then brought on Mitchell Marsh into the attack and he broke the 36-run stand by having the dangerous Dube 25 off 12 caught at deep mid-wicket off a slower one. Two overs later Rayudu 23 off 17 also departed mistiming his swipe straight to long on off Khaleel Ahmed. The DC pacer gave away just four off the 17th over. Ravindra Jadeja and MS Dhoni then provided a late surge as Jadeja smashed a six straight down the ground of Kuldeep and then Dhoni took on Khaleel cracking a couple of sixes and a four to make it 21 off the penultimate over.Jadeja 21 off 16 started off the final over with a cracking four straight down the ground off Marsh but the DC all-rounder bounced back to have him caught at long on off the next ball and then had Dhoni caught at long on too as he completed a fantastic last over giving away just 7 runs.Marsh was the pick of DC bowlers with impressive figures of 3-0-18-3.CSK brought on Matheesha Pathirana as their Impact Player replacing Shivam Dube at the start of their bowling innings.

Date 09 May 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 54 MI Vs RCB - Match Report


Suryakumar storm hit Royal Challengers Bangalore as the MI batter scored a match-winning 8335 to chase down 200 in Match 54 of TATA IPL 2023 at the Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai.Suryakumar Yadav put on a show at the Wankhede Stadium as he hammered seven fours and six sixes on his way to 83 off 35 balls to power MI to a six-wicket win after Faf du Plessis 65 off 41 and Glenn Maxwell 68 off 33 fifties had propelled RCB to a competitive 199/6.Jason Behrendorff was the pick of the bowlers for Mumbai Indians with figures of 4-0-36-3.Chasing 200 MI got off to a brisk start as the openers - Rohit Sharma and Ishan Kishan went on the attack early. The duo hit three fours off Josh Hazlewood in the second over. Kishan then took the attack to Siraj hitting two consecutive sixes.Kishan welcomed Hasaranga into the attack with a four and a six but the Sri Lankan all-rounder hit back hard to have Kishan 42 off 21 caught behind and then trap Rohit Sharma 7 off 8 LBW via a successful review. Nehal Wadhera and Suryakumar Yadav then mixed caution with aggression hitting an odd four every over to take the score to 99/2 at the halfway mark.The pair then hit fifth gear straight asthey hit a six each off Hasaranga. They took 10 runs off Hazlewood and hammered 17 runs off Harshal to bring the equation down to 59 needed off 42 balls. Suryakumar Yadav brought up his fifty off just 25 balls as he cracked a four and a straight six off Siraj.Suryakumar then went berserk smashing two sixes off Hasaranga and two sixes and a four off Vijaykumar Vyshak but the RCB pacer bounced back to have Suryakumar caught at deep square leg and then sent back David off the next ball as the roller-coaster 19-run over came to an end with 7 needed off 24 balls. Wadhera then finished off the match in style by cracking a six over cover off Green as MI won by six wickets with 21 balls to spare. Wadhera remained unbeaten on 52 off 34 balls.Earlier Mumbai Indians captain Rohit Sharma won the toss and elected to bowl. They made three changes to the starting XI as debutant Chris Jordan Jason Behrendorff and Kumar Kartikeya replaced Jofra Archer Tristan Stubbs and Arshad Khan. They named Ramandeep Singh Tristan Stubbs Vishnu Vinod Sandeep Warrier and Raghav Goel as their substitutes.Royal Challengers Bangalore made two changes to the starting eleven as Vijay Kumar Vyshak and Harshal Patel replaced Karn Sharma and Kedar Jadhav. Michael Bracewell Suyash Prabhudessai Kedar Jadhav Karn Sharma and Shahbaz Ahmed made it to their substitutes list.The match got off to a dramatic start as Faf du Plessis got a reprieve off the fourth ball of the over dropped at mid-wicket by Nehal Wadhera off Jason Behrendorff. The MI pacer struck next ball to get the big wicket of Kohli who charged down the track to heave it across the line but ended up edging it to the keeper. The umpire didnt give it out on the appeal but Rohit immediately reviewed it and replays showed there was a big edge.Faf du Plessis then got into the groove as he cracked back to back fours off Piyush Chawla to make it 9 runs off the second over.Anuj Rawat opened his boundary account smashing one over covers off Behrendorff. But the MI pacer bounced back to get the RCB Southpaw who shuffled across and looked to scoop but got a top edge and Cameron Green pouched a good tricky catch running backward from slip. Du Plessis and Glenn Maxwell then got together and counter-attacked. Maxwell got off the mark with a crunching four through cover-point off Behrendorff. The RCB captain smacked a couple of fours off Green before the duo took the attack to Behrendorff again smashing a couple of fours and a six to make it a 16-run over. The attack continued as Maxwell unfurled a reverse sweep and a beautiful cover drive for consecutive fours to take RCB to 56/2 at the end of the Powerplay.Maxwell then welcomed Chris Jordan into the attack with a couple of thumping sixes over the leg side to bring up the 50-run stand off just 26 balls. Maxwell then brought up his fifty off just 25 balls as the duo hit a four and a six off Akash Madhwal to accumulate 17 runs off the over and take RCB to 104/2. Du Plessis then brought up his half-century off 30 balls in an over where Maxwell hit a mind-boggling reverse scoop six over third man off Jordan.The pair continued to deal in fours and sixes and Maxwell unleashed more of his creative reverse sweeps. Rohit brought back Behrendorff and he finally broke the 120-run stand as he had Maxwell 68 off 33 caught at deep mid-wicket off a slower delivery. It was the point where MI clawed their way back as Kumar Kartikeya sent back Mahipal Lomror and then Cameron Green had du Plessis 65 off 41 caught at short fine leg as he miscued his scoop.RCB sent in Kedar Jadhav as their Impact Player replacing Lomror and he got off the mark with a thumping four through point. Karthik then took the attack to Kartikeya and smacked a couple of fours and a six to amass 15 off the 18th over.Jordan removed the dangerous looking Karthik 30 off 18 in the next over as he pulled one straight to deep mid-wicket but Hasaranga hit a couple of fours to make it a mixed penultimate over for MI. Madhwal bowled a fantastic last over to concede just 6 off the over as RCB reached 199/6.

Date 08 May 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 53 KKR Vs PBKS - Match Report


Rinku Singh did Rinku Singh things as he sent the Eden Gardens into a frenzy by providing yet another sensational finish with a four off the last ball to win a thriller for Kolkata Knight Riders in Match 53 of TATA IPL 2023 in Kolkata.A collective batting effort from KKR saw Nitish Rana lead from the front with a crucial knock of 5138 before Andre Russell 42 off 23 and Rinku Singh 21* off 10 provided the final flourish to win the fifth match of the season for KKR. Earlier a composed knock of 5747 from captain Shikhar Dhawan coupled with blistering cameos from Shahrukh Khan 21* off 8 and Harpreet Brar 17* off 9 propelled PBKS to a competitive 179/7.Chasing 180 KKRs Impact Player Jason Roy provided a fast start hitting three fours in the first three overs. Rahmanullah Gurbaz then got into the act as he smacked one over deep square leg for a six and drove one down the ground for a four off Arshdeep Singh before Roy thumped one over extra cover for another four to make it 16 runs off the over. Dhawan then brought on Impact Player Nathan Ellis into the attack and he provided the first breakthrough by trapping Gurbaz 15 off 12 LBW. The batter reviewed it but the ball tracker showed all three reds.Roy though continued his attacking ways hitting three fours off Sam Curran to take the score to 52/1 at the end of the Powerplay. Roy thumped a couple of fours off Liam Livingstone. Dhawan then handed over the ball to Harpreet Brar and he got the big wicket by having Roy 38 off 24 caught at deep mid-wicket off just the second ball of his spell. PBKS kept things tight as KKR reached 76/2 at the halfway stage but the required run rate had gone past 10. The need for urgency was realised by captain Rana who went on the attack against Livingstone to hit him for a couple of fours and a six and make it 16 runs in the over.After a quiet Chahar over Rana hit a couple of fours off Curran and then cracked a four off Chahar as well in the next over to bring up the 50-run stand with Venkatesh Iyer. Chahar though broke the partnership in the same over as he had Iyer 11 off 13 caught at long off off a googly to dent KKR. Rana then brought up his fifty off 37 balls but he departed off the next ball as he miscued his reverse sweep wide of long off where Livingstone pouched a very good running catch. Chahar bowled a fantastic over giving way just 7 and sending back Rana. With 51 needed off 24 Russell cracked a four and Rinku Singh heaved one over deep square leg for a six to take 15 runs off the Ellis over and bring the equation down to 36 needed off 18.The pair hit a four each off the Arshdeep over to take 10 off it as the equation came to 26 needed off 12.Rinku Singh took a single off the first ball of the penultimate over from Curran and then Russell turned tables with three sixes from four balls two over deep square leg and one over point to bring the equation down to 6 needed off the last over.Dhawan tossed the ball to Arshdeep to bowl the last over. The left-arm pacer started off well giving away just two runs off the first three balls. Russell then lofted one over extra cover for a couple. With 2 needed off 2 there was another twist in the roller-coaster story as Russell was run out trying to run through for a bye. Arshdeep bowled a superb yorker outside off which Russell failed to dig and the keeper threw the ball to Arshdeep who knocked down the stumps at the non-strikers end as the batters scampered through for a bye. Russell was found short on the replays. Rinku Singh then did Rinku Singh things as he swiped the last ball a full toss wide of fine leg for a four to win it for KKR and spark wild celebrations.Earlier Punjab Kings captain Shikhar Dhawan won the toss and elected to bat. They made one change to the starting XI as Bhanuka Rajapaksa replaced Matthew Short. Nathan Ellis Sikandar Raza Atharva Taide Mohit Rathee and Matthew Short made it to the away teams substitutes list.Kolkata Knight Riders made one change to the starting eleven as Suyash Sharma replaced Jason Roy. They named Anukul Roy N Jagadeesan Jason Roy Lockie Ferguson and Kulwant Khejroliya as their substitutes.PBKS got off to a mixed start as they hit a flurry of boundaries but lost two wickets in the process inside the Powerplay. Prabhsimran Singh started off aggressively straightaway as he cracked three fours in the first over from Vaibhav Arora. He unfurled a couple of well timed flicks and then guided one through point to get going straightaway.Shikhar Dhawan too got off the mark in style smacking one through covers for four off Harshit Rana. Two balls later he slashed one over backward point for the second four of the over. Rana though bounced back to dismiss Prabhsimran 12 off 8 off the last ball of the over as he had him caught behind via a juggling catch from Rahmanullah Gurbaz. Rana was in action again as he had Bhanuka Rajapaksa 0 off 3 caught behind trying to go for an expansive shot. Harshit Rana gave just six runs in the over. But Livingstone then went on the attack and smacked three fours in a row off Russell. Dhawan ended the over with another four off a top edge to fine leg as PBKS brought up their 50 in just the fifth over.The in-form Chakaravarthy arrived and struck straightaway as he trapped Livingstone LBW off a leg spinner which squared up the batter who reviewed it but the ball-tracker showed wickets was umpires call. The onfield decision stayed as Livingstone walked back for 159. Dhawan swept the last ball of the over for four to take PBKS to 58/3 at the end of the Powerplay.Things slowed down a little bit as Dhawan and Jitesh Sharma steadied the ship and took PBKS to 82/3 at the halfway mark.The duo then upped the scoring hitting a six and a four off Suyash Sharma to take 11 off the over. Dhawan then cracked consecutive fours off Sunil Narine to bring up the 50-run stand from 38 balls.Rana needed a wicket and brought back Varun Chakaravarthy who answered his captains call as he had Jitesh Sharma caught behind via another fantastic catch from Gurbaz. Dhawan then brought up his third fifty of IPL 2023 with a six over deep square leg off Narine. Captain Rana then brought himself into the attack and got the big wicket of Dhawan 57 off 47 who mistimed his loft to long on. PBKS lost their way a little bit.Rishi Dhawan came out with an attacking intent and hit a four and a six but departed trying to accelerate as he missed his slog sweep and was cleaned up by Chakaravarthy who finished with excellent figures of 4-0-26-3.Sam Curran 4 off 9 came and departed as he top edged his slog sweep into the safe hands of Gurbaz. Harpreet Brar 17* off 9 and Shahrukh Khan 21* off 8 then provided a much-needed late surge as they hit three fours off Arora in the 19th over and went berserk against Harshit Rana hammering two sixes and two fours make it 36 in the last two overs and propel PBKS to 179/7.KKR brought on Jason Roy as their Impact Player replacing Suyash Sharma and PBKS introduced Nathan Ellis as their Impact Player in place of Bhanuka Rajapaksa at the start of the second innings.

Date 07 May 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 52 RR Vs SRH - Match Report


Another nerve-wrecking last-over finish saw Sunrisers Hyderabad notch their fourth win of the season a much-needed one as they beat Rajasthan Royals in a thriller in Match 52 of TATA IPL 2023 at the Sawai Mansingh Stadium in Jaipur.Abdul Samad provided a blockbuster finish with a last-ball six in a drama-filled last over from Sandeep Sharma as SRH chased 215 to keep their hopes alive in IPL 2023. Impactful knocks from Abhishek Sharma 55 off 34 and Rahul Tripathi 47 off 29 laid the platform for SRH before blistering cameos under pressure from Glenn Phillips 25 off 7 and Samad 17* off 7 powered the away team past the finish line. Earlier Jos Buttler had put on a T20 batting masterclass to entertain Jaipur with a scintillating innings of 9559 while captain Sanju Samson had played the support act of 66 38 to power RR to a daunting 214/2.Chasing 215 Sunrises Hyderabad got off to a brisk start courtesy openers Anmolpreet Singh and Abhishek Sharma. Impact Player Anmolpreet was the chief aggressor with four fours and a six in the Powerplay as SRH brought up their 50 in the sixth over. Chahal then came into the attack and broke the 51-run stand as he had Anmolpreet caught at deep mid-wicket as RR reached 51/1 at the end of first six overs.RR kept things tight post powerplay giving away just 21 runs from 7-9 overs. Rahul Tripathi and Abhishek Sharma then pressed the accelerator button by taking 14 runs off Murugan Ashwin over. The duo brought up the fifty-run stand and Tripathi too reached his half-century with a thumping six over deep mid-wicket off R Ashwin. But the wily spinner struck back having Abhishek 55 off 34 caught at short third man off the next ball. RR brought on Obed McCoy as their Impact Substitute in place of R Ashwin in the 13th over. Tripathi and Klaasen though continued to attack and hammered a couple of sixes and a four off Murugan Ashwin to make it a 19 run over.

Klaasen joined the party straightaway going after Chahal and cracking a six and a four but it was Chahal who had the last laugh as he had Klaasen caught at long off in the same over to provide a huge moment in the match with the equation reading 57 needed off 24 balls.Rahul Tripathi got lucky as he was dropped by Samson after gloving his pull to the keeper. He rubbed salt onto RRs wounds by smacking a six next ball. Markram opened his boundary account viaa pull over fine leg to make it 13 off the 17th over.

With 44 needed off 17 Chahal provided another crucial moment as he struck two blows having Tripathi 47 off 29 caught at deep mid-wicket and trapping Aiden Markram LBW two balls later. He bowled a brilliant over picking two wickets and giving away just three runs to finish with fantastic figures of 4-0-29-4. With 41 needed off 12 Glenn Phillips started the penultimate over with a bang smashing three sixes off the first three balls off Kuldip Yadav. The fourth ball was slashed past the short third man fielder for a four. Phillips then went for another big one off the next ball but ended up mistiming it to extra cover where Hetmyer pulled off a superb catch running backwards. The drama-filled over saw 24 runs scored in the over along with the wicket of the dangerous Phillips.With 17 needed off the last over Samson tossed the ball again to Sandeep Sharma. He nearly struck first ball as Abdul Samad sliced one to short third man where Obed McCoy dropped it and conceded two. Samad then smashed a six next ball over long on where Root nearly pulled off a fantasticeffort. With 9 needed off 4 Sandeep finally nailed his yorker as Samad jammed it to long off and scampered through for a couple. The next one brought just a single as Samad mistimed his loft to long off. With six needed off two Jansen flicked a low full toss straight to mid-wicket for just a single. The drama wasnt over yet. With five needed off the last ball Sandeep thought that he had Samad caught at long off off the last ball and won the match but the buzzer went off at the ground for a no ball and replays showed he had overstepped. No ball. It was chaotic. With 4 needed off the last ball Samad smashed it straight down the ground for a flat six to win a thriller for SRH. It was SRHs highest successful run chase in IPL.Earlier Rajasthan Royals won the toss and elected to bat. They made three changes to the starting XI as debutant Joe Root Kuldip Yadav and Murugan Ashwin replaced Devdutt Padikkal Trent Boult and Adam Zampa. They named Devdutt Padikkal Riyan Parag Jason Holder Obed McCoy and Adam Zampa as their substitutes.Sunrisers Hyderabad made changes to their starting eleven as Rahul Tripathi Glenn Phillips and debutant Vivrant Sharma replaced Mayank Agarwal Harry Brook and Kartik Tyagi. Harry Brook Anmolpreet Singh Mayank Dagar Nitish Reddy and Sanvir Singh made it to the away teams substitutes list.Yashasvi Jaiswal just like hes done so far in IPL 2023 went on the attack straightaway with a couple of fours in the first over off Bhuvneshwar Kumar. He hit one uppishly which cleared mid on by inches and flicked one to fine leg where it fell just short of Vivrant Sharma who misjudged it and let it through for the second four of the over. Buttler too found his groove early with a trickle to fine leg for a four before Jaiswal thumped a 88m six into the stands to end the second over from Marco Jansen.The duo continued to attack as Buttler cracked a four over extra cover off T Natarajan and then Jaiswal hammered a 90m maximum over long on off Bhuvneshwar. Jaiswal hit a couple of fours off Jansen to bring up RRs fifty in the fifth over but the South African all-rounder had the last laugh as he had Jaiswal 35 off 18 caught at short third man off the final ball of the over as RR reached 61/1 at the end of the Powerplay.Sanju Samson and Jos Buttler then went berserk against Mayank Markande and hit him for three sixes in an over. Buttler took the attack to Abhishek Sharma as well as the duo took 12 runs off the 10th over to take RR to 107/1 at the halfway mark. The duo kept the scoreboard ticking with at least a four or six every over as Buttler brought up his fifty off just 32 balls and the duo brought up the 100-run stand off just 60 balls. The pair again went after Markande cracking a six each to make it 14 off the 16th over. Buttler took down Bhuvneshwar on his return with three fours as RR smashed 50 in the four over period from 14-17.Natarajan then provided some relief giving away just five in the 18th over as Samson brought up his fifty off 33 balls. Bhuvneshwar Kumar finally broke the 138-run stand as he trapped Buttler 9559 LBW off via a successful review. Bhuvneshwar bowled a brilliant over giving away just seven along with the wicket of Buttler via a superb yorker to trap him leg before. Samson though finished well with a couple of fours and a six off Natarajan in the final over to propel RR to a daunting 214/2. Samson remained unbeaten on 66 off 38.SRH introduced Anmolpreet Singh as their Impact Player replacing T Natarajan at the start of their batting innings.

Date 07 May 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 51 GT vs LSG - Match Report


Table toppers Gujarat Titans registered their eighth win from eleven matches to extend their lead at the top as they beat Lucknow Super Giants in Match 51 of TATA IPL 2023 at the Narendra Modi Stadium in Ahmedabad.A fascinating opening act which saw Wriddhiman Saha smash a scintillating 8143 and Shubman Gill hit an effortless 94*51 powered the home side to a gigantic total of 227/2. Mohit Sharma then led the way with the ball with a fantastic spell of 4-0-29-4 as a collective bowling effort saw GT survive Kyle Mayers 48 off 32 Quinton de Kock 71 off 42 blitzes to win the match by 56 runs.It was a proud and emotional day for the Pandya household as Krunal and Hardik Pandya became the first pair of brothers to lead their respective teams in the IPL.Chasing 228 Kyle Mayers was off the blocks early as he cracked three consecutive fours off Hardik Pandya in the second over after Mohd. Shami had bowled an impressive first over giving just 4 runs. De Kock joined the party hitting a couple of fours off Shami in the third over before Mayers hammered one over mid-wicket for a six and crunched the last ball through covers for a four to make it 19 off the over.An eventful over followed as De Kock hit a couple of fours to start the Hardik over but Rashid Khan dropped Mayers at point three balls later. Mayers ended the over with a four to bring up the 50 in the 4th over. The pair took the attack to the spinners - Rashid Khan and Noor Ahmad - and accumulated 22 runs off two overs to take the score to 72/0 at the end of the Powerplay.It took a moment of brilliance to break the 88-run opening partnership as Rashid Khan pulled off a magnificent running catch where he ran 26m to pull off a diving catch to dismiss Kyle Mayers 4832 off Mohit Sharma. De Kock released some pressure as he whipped a flat six over deep square leg off Hardik to take LSG to 102/1 at the halfway mark.Mohit and Rashid slowed things down as De Kock brought up his fifty off 31 balls. Hardik then brought back Shami and he struck immediately having Deepak Hooda 11 off 11 caught at deep mid-wicket. De Kock finally broke the boundary drought which lasted for over four overs in the 15th over as he smacked one over long off off Mohit. The GT pacer though bounced back to remove Stoinis 4 off 9 in the same over as he had him caught at short third man off a slower one. With the required run rate climbing over 21 De Kock looked to up the ante but departed in doing so as he missed his swing across the line and was cleaned up by Rashid Khan. Noor Ahmed then had Nicholas Pooran caught at short third man as things kept going further away for LSG. Ayush Badoni hit some crucial runs 21 off 11 which would help their net run rate a bit but overall they fell well short of their target finishing on 171/7. Mohit Sharma removed Badoni and Krunal Pandya off consecutive balls to finish with superb figures of 4-0-29-4.Earlier Lucknow Super Giants captain Krunal Pandya won the toss and elected to bowl. They made five changes to the starting eleven as Quinton de Kock Deepak Hooda Swapnil Singh Avesh Khan and Yash Thakur replaced Naveen-ul-Haq Manan Vohra Ayush Badoni Karan Sharma and K Gowtham. The away side named Ayush Badoni Daniel Sams Amit Mishra Prerak Mankad and Yudhvir Singh Charak as their substitutes. Gujarat Titans made one change to the starting eleven as Shubman Gill replaced Josh Little Left for National duties. Alzarri Joseph Dasun Shanaka KS Bharat Shivam Mavi and Jayant Yadav made it to the home sides substitutes list.GT opener Wriddhiman Saha got his team off to a flier as he went on the attack early to rattle the LSG bowlers. He started a bit tentatively with an edged four to third man off Mohsin Khan but he hit a beautiful extra cover drive off the next ball to make it 12 runs from the first over. The GT wicket-keeper batter opened the maximum account by pulling one over fine leg off Avesh Khan in the next over. He then charged down the track to pull one behind backward square leg for a four to make it 11 off the over. Krunal Pandya brought himself on to bowl early in the third over and bowled a decent over conceding just one four as Saha lofted one over extra cover. Saha again picked up the pace in the next over smacking a four over deep square leg and then whipping one behind square leg for a four off Mohsin. He lofted the next one over extra cover for an effortless six and then pulled another one through mid-wicket for a four to make it 22 off the over and bring up GTs fifty in just the fourth over.Gill then opened his boundary account as he lofted one over long over where Deepak Hooda put in a splendid effort but couldnt throw the ball back inside. Saha got to his fifty in style his fastest in the IPL off 20 balls as he charged down the track and smacked the first ball from Yash Thakur over long on for a six. Gill ended the Powerplay in style thumping the last ball of the sixth over deep backward square leg for a massive six to take GT to 78/0 at the end of the Powerplay their highest Powerplay total in the IPL. After a quiet over from Ravi Bishnoi Saha made sure the momentum was maintained as he hit 3 fours off Kyle Mayers to make it 16 off the over. Gill brought up the 100 for GT with a beautiful loft over extra cover for a six off Bishnoi and he unfurled another one straight down the ground for the second six of the over to make it 17 off the over.GT reached 121/0 at the halfway stage. Gill reached his fifty fourth of IPL 2023 off just 29 balls. Avesh Khan came back and finally broke the 142-run opening partnership as he had Saha 81 off 43 brilliantly caught at deep square leg.Gill and captain Hardik Pandya carried forward the momentum and hit 20 runs off Marcus Stoinis first over. Mohsin finally broke the 42-run stand off 23 balls as he had Hardik caught at extra cover where brother Krunal took a fantastic reflex catch as it was hit with immense power. Gill and David Miller then provided the final flourish as they added an unbeaten 43 off 24 balls to power GT to 227/2. Shubman Gill remained unbeaten on 94 off 51 while David Miller remained not out on 21 off 12.GT brought in Alzarri Joseph as their Impact Player in place of Shubman Gill at the start of their bowling innings.

Date 06 May 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 50 DC vs RCB - Match Report


Delhi Capitals registered their fourth win of the season to stay afloat as they beat Royal Challengers Bangalore in Match 50 of TATA IPL 2023 at the Arun Jaitley Stadium in Delhi.Phil Salts blistering innings of 87 45 coupled with quick-fire knocks from Mitchell Marsh 26 off 17 and Rilee Rossouw 35* off 22 powered the home side to a seven-wicket win after Virat Kohli 55 off 46 and Mahipal Lomrors 54* off 29 fifties had lifted the away side to a competitive 181/4.Chasing 182 David Warner was up and running straightaway as he cracked a couple of fours off Siraj in the first over of the innings. Phil Salt too took the aggressive route as he cracked a four off Glenn Maxwell and then a four and a six off Josh Hazlewood.Warner welcomed Wanindu Hasaranga into the attack with a powerful six over deep square leg. He thumped another four through the same region to make it 12 runs off the over. Salt continued his aggressive batting as he hit consecutive sixes and a four off Mohd. Siraj. It was Hazlewood who finally broke the 60-run stand as he outfoxed Warner 22 off 14 with a slower one having him caught at mid off. Mitchell Marsh was quick to get off the blocks as he cracked a six and a four off Hazlewood to take DC to 70/1 at the end of the Powerplay.Salt continued to keep the scoreboard ticking and brought up his second IPL fifty off just 28 balls and DCs 100 as he smacked a pull over mid-wicket off Karn Sharma to take 16 off the 9th over. With the partnership blossoming Kohli brought on Harshal Patel who had replaced Kedar Jadhav as the Impact Player in the eighth over into the attack and he broke the 59-run partnership having Marsh26 off 17 caught at deep square leg off a slower one.With 56 needed off 48 Salt and Rilee Rossouw took the attack to Harshal smashing three sixes and a four to amass 24 runs from the over and bring the required run rate below five. It was a momentum changing over which put DC firmly in the drivers seat. Salt continued to deal in sixes as he smacked one over deep mid-wicket off Hasaranga to bring the equation down to 23 needed off 36. Salts fantastic 87-run innings finally came to an end as he dragged one onto the stumps off Karn Sharma with 11 needed off 28. Axar arrived and cracked a six first ball. Rossouw finished it off in style with a six over deep mid-wicket as DC chased down the target with 20 balls and seven wickets to spare.Earlier Royal Challengers Bangalore captain Faf du Plessis won the toss and elected to bat. They made one change to the starting XI as Kedar Jadhav replaced Suyash Prabhudessai. The away team named Harshal Patel Suyash Prabhudessai Michael Bracewell Vijaykumar Vyshak and Shahbaz Ahmed as their substitutes.Delhi Capitals made three changes to the starting eleven as Mitchell Marsh Mukesh Kumar and Khaleel Ahmed replaced Anrich Nortje Priyam Garg and Ripal Patel. They named Chetan Sakariya Abishek Porel Ripal Patel Lalit Yadav and Pravin Dubey as their substitutes.Virat Kohli and Faf du Plessis got the Royal Challengers Bangalore off to a steady start. Kohli opened his account with a cracking punch through covers for a four off Khaleel off the second ball of the match. He then cut one powerfully off Axar Patel and thumped a pull off Ishant Sharma for two more fours. After a quiet over from Axat Faf du Plessis got into the act as he hit three fours off Mukesh Kumar. He then hit the first six of the match lofting a low full toss from Khaleel over long off as the duo took 15 off the over to take RCB to 51/0 at the end of the Powerplay.DC pulled back things a little bit conceding just two fours in the next four overs and the pressure brought reward as Mitchell Marsh had du Plessis 45 off 32 caught at deep point and then had Glenn Maxwell caught behind off the next ball.Kohli and Mahipal Lomror got things moving and hit 43 off the 12-15 overs phase hitting three sixes and two fours as Kohli reached his fifty off 42 balls. Lomror brought up the fifty-run stand off just 29 balls flicking one behind square leg for a four off Mukesh but Mukesh bounced back in the over to get the huge wicket of Kohli 55 off 46 caught at short fine leg. Lomror then brought up his fifty off just 26 balls as he cracked a four through extra cover off Mukesh Kumar. He and Karthik put on a brisk 35 runs from 19 balls before Karthik was caught at long off in the final over.DC brought in Ripal Patel as their Impact Player in place of Ishant Sharma in the final over. Khaleel bowled an impressive final over giving away just nine as RCB reached 181/4 from 20 overs. Lomror remained unbeaten on 54 off 29 balls with six fours and three sixes.

Date 06 May 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 49 CSK vs MI - Match Report


Chennai Super Kings bounced back after two defeats in a row - against Rajasthan Royals and Punjab Kings - to beat Mumbai Indians in Match 49 of TATA IPL 2023 at the MA Chidambaram Stadium in Chennai.The in-form and skillful Matheesha Pathirana led the way with an excellent spell of 3/15 as a disciplined accurate and impactful bowling effort from the home teams bowling unit restricted Mumbai Indians to 139/8. Consistent Devon Conway then played a composed knock of 4442 after Ruturaj Gaikwad had provided a brisk start with 30 off 16 balls to help CSK chase down the target with 14 balls to spare. Shivam Dube too chipped in with a cameo of 26* off 18 balls while MS Dhoni hit the winning run to send the crowd into a frenzy as CSK bagged two crucial points at home.Chasing 140 CSK got off to a breezy start as Ruturaj Gaikwad and Devon Conway hit a slew of boundaries early. Gaikwad lofted one over mid on and then flicked one through mid-wicket for a couple of fours in the first over from Cameron Green. He then went after Arshad smashing a couple of sixes off pull and hitting a couple of well-placed fours to make it 20 runs off the over. Conway got into the act in the next over cracking a couple of fours off Jofra Archer as CSK reached 46/0 from four overs. Rohit Sharma then brought the in-form Piyush Chawla into the attack and he struck straightaway removing Gaikwad 30 off 16 off the first ball. He bowled a superb over giving away just four and Archer then gave away just 5 as CSK reached 55/1 at the end of the Powerplay.Rahane and Conway took 18 runs off the next two overs but Piyush Chawla was at it again as he trapped Ajinkya Rahane LBW off a googly after Rahane had lofted him for a six straight down the ground earlier in the over. Chawla finished his spell with excellent figures of 4-0-25-2.The boundaries dried up and Rayudu finally ended the drought with a massive six off Stubbs for the first boundary in 25 balls. He however departed the next ball as he cut one straight into the hands of backward point. Shivam Dube arrived and went on the attack straightaway cracking a couple of sixes off debutant Raghav Goyal. He added 2522 with Conway to take CSK closer before the CSK opener was trapped LBW for 4442 via a successful review after the umpire had turned down a big LBW appeal off Akash madhwal. With 8 needed off 17 Dube pulled one over fine leg for a six and Dhoni then hit the winning run much to the delight of the Chepauk crowd as CSK cruised to a six-wicket win.Earlier Chennai Super Kings captain MS Dhoni won the toss and elected to bowl. They named an unchanged starting XI. They named Ambati Rayudu Mitchell Santner Subhranshu Senapati Shaik Rasheed and Akash Singh as their substitutes.Mumbai Indians made two changes to their starting eleven as Suryakumar Yadav and Tristan Stubbs replaced Kumar Kartikeya and Tilak Varma Injured. They named Kumar Kartikeya Ramandeep Singh Dewald Brevis Raghav Goyal debutant and Vishnu Vinod as their substitutes.CSK got off to a brilliant start as they ripped through the Mumbai Indians top order early. Ishan Kishan and Cameron Green who opened the batting were on the move early as they hit a four each in the first over from Deepak Chahar. Kishan flicked one elegantly over backward square leg while Green muscled one over wide mid off. Tushar Deshpande bowled the second over and struck straightaway as he cleaned up Green 6 off 4 who went for a swing across the line and missed it completely. The CSK pacer gave away just three runs. Chahar struck in the next over sending back Ishan Kishan 7 off 9 who miscued his swing to mid on where Maheesh Theekshana made no mistake. Chahar made it two wickets in the over as MS Dhoni masterclass brought Rohit Sharmas wicket. Dhoni came up to the stumps to Rohit 0 off 3 who then looked to do something different and scoop one to fine leg but ended up getting an outside edge to backward point.Disciplined bowled and terrific ground fielding made sure CSK restricted MI to 34/3 inside the Powerplay. MI hit just four fours in the first six overs.Suryakumar Yadav and Nehal Wadhera then started the rebuilding process. They upped the ante in the eighth over cracking a couple of fours to make it 11 off the Moeen Ali over. Suryakumar brought up the 50-run stand off 42 balls with a four via extra cover drive as MI reached 64/3 at the halfway stage. However MI received a huge blow in the next over as Jadeja cleaned up Suryakumar Yadav 26 off 22 with a quicker one as the batter looked to give himself room and go for a powerful cut but was beaten by the pace.CSK kept a tight leash on the MI batters. Wadhera and Stubbs then looked to up the scoring as Wadhera smashed a powerful six over long on off Theekshana and then Stubbs swept one for four two balls later to make it 13 off the over. Wadhera brought up his fifty off 46 balls and hit three well-placed fours off Jadeja in the same over to make it the best over so far in the innings for MI with 16 runs.CSK introduced Ambati Rayudu as their Impact Player replacing Theekshana who had completed his quota of overs.Pathirana finally ended a fine innings under pressure as he cleaned up Wadhera 64 off 51 with a yorker. The batter shuffled way across and looked to flick but Pathirana smartly bowled a yorker on middle which Wadhera missed. Pathirana bowled a fantastic 18th over giving away just two and picking up a wicket. Tushar Deshpande then got the huge wicket of the in-form Tim David having him caught at long off for 24 in the penultimate over. Deshpande could have had second in the over but Shivam Dube dropped Arshad Khan at long off. Arshads luck didnt last long though as he hit one straight to deep point where Ruturaj Gaikwad took a juggling catch off Pathirana in the last over. Pathirana got his third wicket as he made Stubbs miscue one high in the air and Jadeja completed an excellent catch. Pathirana gave away just five runs and picked up two wickets in the last over as CSK restricted MI to 139/8. Pathirana finished with brilliant figures of 4-0-15-3 and didnt concede a single boundary in the spell.MI introduced debutant Raghav Goyal as their Impact Player replacing Suryakumar Yadav  at the start of their bowling innings.

Date 05 May 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 48 RR vs GT - Match Report


The Gujarat Titans GT consolidated their position at the top of the table in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2023 with a 9-wicket victory over the Rajasthan Royals RR on Friday at the Sawai Mansingh Stadium in Jaipur.
A spin show from Rashid Khan and Noor Ahmad produced a comfortable win for Gujarat Titans as they chased the target of 119 with more than six overs to spare.
Chasing a target of just 119 Gujarat Titans openers - Shubman Gill and Wriddhiman Saha got off to a bright start. The fifty partnership was up for the opening duo in the seventh over.
RR were still searching for the all-important breakthrough as GT openers took the game further away from the home side. Yuzvendra Chahal finally provided the wicket by dismissing Shubman Gill who was out stumped.
However captain Hardik Pandya who walked in to bat at number 3 hammered three sixes and a four against Adam Zampa who conceeded 24 runs in his third over.
The Gujarat Titans captain raced off to 37* off just 13 balls as his side required only 5 more runs to win. Wriddhiman Saha hit the winning runs as GT registered a comprehensive 9-wicket win over RR.
Earlier the Sanju Samson-led Rajasthan Royals won the toss and opted to bat first at home. Jason Holder made way for Adam Zampa in the eleven while the visitors remained unchanged from their previous game.
Gujarat Titans captain Hardik Pandya made a statement immediately by dismissing Jos Buttler after being hit for back-to-back fours. The early wicket didnt bother the in-form Yashasvi Jaiswal who smacked his first six of the innings with a stylish pick-up shot. The left-handed opener was joined by skipper Samson who started confidently with the bat as well.
Just when RR batters picked up momentum with the bat a superb Abhinav Manohar save and confusion between the batters put an end to Yashasvi Jaiswals knock. RR were pushed further into the back foot after Sanju Samson was dismissed by the opposition skipper Pandya who plucked his second wicket.
Rashid Khan capitalised on the momentum and removed R Ashwin and Riyan Parag in quick succession with two outstanding deliveries. RR were 72/5 at the halfway mark of the innings. Noor Ahmed then entered the wicket-taking party by getting Devdutt Padikkal and Dhruv Jurel out.
Abhinav Manohar wrapped up RRs innings with a perfect direct-hit from the outfield as the home side were all out for 118.
Brief ScoresGujarat Titans Wriddhiman Saha 41* Hardik Pandya 39* Yuzvendra Chahal 1/22 beat Rajasthan Royals118 Sanju Samson 30 Rashid Khan 3/14 Noor Ahmad 2/25 by 9 wickets.

Date 04 May 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 47 SRH vs KKR - Match Report


Kolkata Knight Riders hit back after the defeat against Gujarat Titans to beat Sunrisers Hyderabad in yet another last-over thriller in Match 47 of TATA IPL 2023 and register a crucial win at the Rajiv Gandhi International Stadium in Hyderabad.Impactful knocks from Nitish Rana 42 off 31 and Rinku Singh 46 off 35 helped KKR recover from an early stutter and post a competitive 171/9 on the board. A disciplined bowling performance then saw KKR bounce back in the slog overs and display nerves of steel under pressure to clinch a thrilling win with Varun Chakaravarthy defending 9 off the last over to hand SRH their sixth loss from nine matches.It was a brilliant comeback after Captain Aiden Markram 41 off 40 and Heinrich Klaasen 36 off 20 had played crucial knocks to put SRH in the ascendency.Chasing 172 SRH got off to a breezy start but lost Mayank Agarwal and Abhishek Sharma early. Agarwak hit a couple of fours and a six before he was bounced out by Harshit Rana as he ended up gloving one to the keeper trying to go for the pull. Agarwal had slashed one over backward point for a six two balls earlier but Rana bounced back to dismiss Agarwal for 1811. SRH sent in Impact Player Rahul Tripathi at No.3 replacing T Natarajan. Abhishek Sharma 9 off 10 then went for a swing across the line off Shardul Thakur but ended up miscuing it high to the leg side where Russell pouched a very good catch. Russell was in action in the next over his first one as Rahul Tripathi smashed a couple of fours over the off side and then flicked one for a six over backward square leg. However it was the West Indies all-rounder who had the last laugh as he had Tripathi 20 off 9 caught at fine leg trying to lap another one but hitting it straight to the fielder.SRH received another huge blow as they lost Harry Brook 0 off 4 trapped LBW by Impact Player Anukul Roy. The umpire didnt give it out off a massive appeal so KKR opted for a review and replays showed there was no bat involved as Brook missed his sweep and the ball tracker showed it was crashing onto the leg stump - all three reds. The home side stuttered to 75/4 at the halfway mark. Klaasen then injected some momentum as he hammered a couple of massive sixes off Anukul Roy in the 11th over. Markram too got going with two consecutive fours off Varun Chakaravarthy. The duo brought up the 50-run stand off 37 balls. With the partnership blossoming KKR were in dire need of a wicket and who else but Shardul Thakur answered his captains call as he returned to send back the dangerous Klaasen 36 off 20 caught at deep mid-wicket.Markram and Abdul Samad cracked a four each in the same Shardul over to make sure the pressure wasnt built as the equation came down to 38 off 30 balls. Chakaravarthy bowled a tight 16th over to give away just four. With 34 needed off 24 Abdul crunched a cracking cover drive to start the 17th over from Vaibhav Arora with a four but the KKR pacer bounced back to get the crucial wicket of Markram 41 off 40 via a slower short delivery. He gave away just two from the last five balls as the equation read 26 off 18. Chakaravarthy bowled another good over to give away just five.With 21 needed off 12 Vaibhav Arora started the penultimate over with a WIDE. But keeper Rahmanullah Gurbaz pulled off a spectacular catch off an inside edge from Jansen off the next ball to dent SRH. Bhuvneshwar arrived and got off the mark in style lofting one over cover to bring the game down to 16 needed off 10. A dot and a single followed before Samad ssliced one over backward point off a no ball from Arora to bring the equation down to 10 needed off 8. Arora bowled another dot next up and Samad then took a single off the last ball to keep the strike and bring the equation down to 9 off the last over.Rana handed the ball to Chakaravarthy to bowl the last over. The wily spinner started off well as he gave away just two singles off the first two balls and then had Samad 21 off 18 caught at deep mid-wicket to bring the equation to 7 needed off 3. Mayank Markande shuffled way across and looked to scoop his first ball but missed. A dot ball. Markande lofted the next ball to long on for just a single. With six needed off the last ball Chakaravarthy darted in a faster short ball outside off which Bhuvneshwar looked to pull but missed as KKR produced a brilliant comeback to win the match by 5 runs.Earlier Kolkata Knight Riders captain Nitish Rana won the toss and elected to bat. They made two changes to the starting XI as Jason Roy and Vaibhav Arora replaced David Wiese and N Jagadeesan. They named Suyash Sharma Anukul Roy N Jagadeesan Lockie Ferguson and Kulwant Khejroliya as their substitutes.Sunrisers Hyderabad made three changes to their starting eleven as Marco Jansen Kartik Tyagi and T Natarajan replaced Akeal Hosein Umran Malik and Rahul Tripathi. Vivrant Glenn Phillips Rahul Tripathi Nitish Reddy and Sanvir Singh made it to their substitutes list.SRH got off to a good start as Marco Jansen removed Rahmanullah Gurbaz and Venkatesh Iyer early. Jason Roy went on the attack early as he cracked two consecutive fours off Bhuvneshwar Kumar in the first over. Gurbaz looked to go after Jansen straightaway but ended up mistiming his loft to mid on off the first ball of Jansens spell in the second over. Venkatesh Iyer got off the mark with a four but three balls later he ended up gloving a sharp bouncer from Jansen to the keeper. It was a fantastic over from Jansen which pegged KKR back. Things got tougher for KKR as Kartik Tyagi struck in his first over to dismiss Jason Roy who got an outside edge to short third man trying to pull a short of a good length delivery outside off.Rinku Singh got off the mark in style with a cracking straight drive for four off Tyagi. Rana flicked one behind square leg off Jansen for his second four as KKR reached 49/3 at the end of the Powerplay.Rana welcomed T Natarajan with a six over backward square leg off the second ball of his spell. It was the first maximum of the innings. Rinku Singh then pressed the accelerator button as he thumped a couple of fours through covers off Aiden Markram. Rana continued the momentum in the next over as he smacked a four and a couple of powerfully pulled sixes off Tyagi to make it 17 off the over and take KKR to 90/3 at the halfway mark.Markram then produced a moment of brilliance as he pulled off a superb caught and bowled running back off a top edge from Rana to break the 61-run stand. Andre Russell arrived and got going straightaway with two sixes off the first four balls he faced. One more four arrived but then brave Mayank Markande tossed one up and lured Russell into going big but the batter ended up getting outfoxed and getting an outside edge to backward point. It was a massive wicket given that Russell had started off well. Another brilliant piece of deception saw Bhuvneshwar send back Narine as he scooped one to extra cover off the knuckle ball.Rinku cracked a powerful six straight down the ground but the wickets kept falling as Natarajan sent back Shardul for 86. KKR sent Anukul Roy at No.9 in the 18th over as their Impact Player replacing Jason Roy. He provided some impetus hitting a couple of fours off Bhuvneshwar in the penultimate over taking 13 off it.Rinku Singh couldnt get to his fifty as he holed out to deep mid-wicket for 4635 off Natarajan and Harshit Rana was brilliantly run out by the bowler as they ran through for a risky bye. The SRH pacer bowled a superb over giving away just three as KKR posted 171/9.

Date 03 May 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 46 PBKS vs MI - Match Report


Mumbai Indians made it two wins in a row as they beat Punjab Kings in Match 46 of TATA IPL 2023 at the Punjab Cricket Association IS Bindra Stadium in Mohali.MI put on a chasing masterclass as Ishan Kishan 75 off 41 and Impact Player Suryakumar Yadavs 66 off 31 blistering knocks helped the away side chase down 215 after Liam Livingstone 82* off 42 and Jitesh Sharmas 49* off 27 aggressive knocks had powered PBKS to 214/3 in the first innings.Tilak Varma26* off 10 and Tim David 19* off 10 provided the finishing touches to power MI to a thumping six-wicket win.Chasing 215 Mumbai Indians were jolted early as they lost Rohit Sharma off just the third ball of the innings as he sliced one uppishly to deep point off Rishi Dhawan.Ishan Kishan and Cameron Green then went on the counter attack as they hit a flurry of fours. Kishan went after Rishi Dhawan in the fifth over and hit him for a couple of sixes into the stands before Green ended the over with a four to make it 17 off the over.It was Impact Player Nathan Ellis who created an immediate impact to break the 54-run stand as he had Green 23 off 18 caught at deep mid-wicket off a slower one as MI reached 54/2 at the end of the Powerplay.MIs Impact Player Suryakumar Yadav then strode out to bat at No.3 He replaced debutant Akash Madhwal.After a couple of quiet overs Kishan released the pressure valve smacking a six and a four off Harpreet Brar. The duo went after Chahar in the next over cracking three fours to make it 27 from two over. Kishan brought up his fifty off 29 balls. Suryakumar Yadav then took the attack to Curran hitting a couple of sublime sixes over the off side before thumping one down the ground for a four off the next ball. He brought up his fifty off 23 balls with his quintessential pick-up flick to fine leg for four as MI accumulated 23 runs off the Curran over.Suryakumar Yadav brought up the 100-run stand with Kishan off just 52 balls as he flicked one over mid-wicket for a four off Arshdeep. Kishan went after Arshdeep in the same over smashing two fours and a six to make it 21 off the over. PBKS needed a wicket desperately and Impact Player Ellis provided the impact moment to send back Impact Player Suryakumar Yadav 66 off 31 as Arshdeep pulled off a very good leaping catch at short third man. With 37 needed off 24 Arshdeep bounced back hard after being hit for 21 in the previous over to have Kishan 75 off 41 caught at fine leg. Tilak Varma though got going straight away as he got off the mark with a thumping six over deep mid-wicket then paddled one for a four and then swung one over deep square leg for another six to turn tables and bring the equation down to 21 off 18. Tim David and Tilak Varma took 9 off the Curran over as the equation read 12 needed off 12.David Sliced the first ball of the penultimate over from Arshdeep over third man for a four and with five needed off 8 Tilak Varma finished it off in style with a massive six over long off to win it for the away side. David remained unbeaten on 19 10 while Varma remained not out on 2610.Earlier Mumbai Indians captain Rohit Sharma won the toss and elected to bowl. They made two changes to the starting XI as Nehal Wadhera and debutant Akash Madhwal replaced Suryakumar Yadav and Riley Meredith. They named Suryakumar Yadav Tristan Stubbs Dewald Brevis Vishnu Vinod and Ramaneep Singh as their substitutes.Punjab Kings made three changes to the starting eleven as Prabhsimran Singh Matthew Short and Rishi Dhawan replaced Atharva Taide Kagiso Rabada and Sikandar Raza. Sikandar Raza Nathan Ellis Atharva Taide Mohit Rathee and Shivam Singh made it to the home sides substitutes list.Mumbai Indians got off to a good start as Arshad Khan removed Prabhsimran Singh 9 off 7 early in the second over caught behind. Shikhar Dhawan and Prabhsimran Singh had hit a well-timed four each to get into the groove but Prabhsimran didnt last long as he edged one to the keeper while looking to slash at one outside off.Shikhar Dhawan and Matthew Short then steadied the ship with a mix of attack and defence as Short smacked a four and a six off Arshad before Dhawan welcomed Chawla into the attack with two consecutive fours to take PBKS to 50/1 at the end of the Powerplay. Dhawan then got a reprieve in the next over as Jofra Archer put down a touch chance at backward point. Dhawans luck didnt last long as he was stumped in the next over off Chawla. It was a fantastic battle brewing as Dhawan charged down the track first ball and smacked a four straight down the ground. Chawla hit back hard as he saw Dhawan charging again and dragged his length short to outfox Dhawan 30 off 20 balls and have him stumped via a googly. The next two overs went for just 13 as PBKS reached 78/2 at the halfway mark.Livingstone looked to up the ante as he welcomed Akash Madhwal into the attack with a four and a six to accumulate 16 off the 11th over. Chawla then sent back the other opener as he cleaned up Short 27 off 26 via a googly. Short went for a swing across the line but missed it completely. Jitesh Sharma was into the action straightaway as he cracked three fours off Archer to take 21 from the over and it changed the momentum of the innings. It was a much-needed impetus that PBKS required. Livingstone then got into the act as he took on Arshad Khan and hit three fours to bring up the 50-run stand off just 24 balls. The England batter brought up his fifty off 32 balls with a thumping four over extra cover. PBKS amassed 67/0 in the 13-17-over phase. Liam Livingstone then went berserk against Archer as he hit three consecutive power-packed sixes as PBKS smashed 27 runs in the penultimate over. Akash Madhwal bowled an excellent last over in the context of the game to concede just 9 as PBKS posted 214/3. The home side amassed 69/0 in the last five overs. Livingstone remained unbeaten on 82 off 42 balls while Jitesh Sharma remained not out on 49 off 27.PBKS brought on Nathan Ellis as their Impact Player replacing Prabhsimran Singh at the start of their bowling innings.

Date 03 May 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 45 LSG Vs CSK - Match Report


Rains played spoilsport as the 45th match of TATA IPL 2023 between Lucknow Super Giants and the Chennai Super Kings was abandoned with 19.2 overs bowled in the first innings at the Bharat Ratna Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee Ekana Cricket Stadium in Lucknow. Consistent rains made sure that the match didnt start post the 19.2 overs and the teams were forced to share a point each.LSG had reached 125/7 thanks to a brilliant innings under pressure from Ayush Badoni 59* off 33 who led the home teams revival after they were reduced to 44/5 inside 10 overs. For CSK Moeen Ali Maheesh Theekshana and Matheesha Pathirana all chipped in with two wickets each while Ravindra Jadeja picked up one wicket to put in a disciplined bowling performance.Earlier Chennai Super Kings captain MS Dhoni won the toss and elected to bowl. They made one change to the starting XI as Deepak Chahar replaced Akash Singh. They named Ambati Rayudu Mitchell Santner Subhranshu Senapati Shaik Rasheed and Akash Singh as their substitutes.For Lucknow Super Giants Krunal Pandya was leading the side in place of the injured KL Rahul. They made four changes to the starting eleven as Manan Vohra Karan Sharma Ayush Badoni and Mohsin Khan replaced KL Rahul Deepak Hooda Yash Thakur and Amit Mishra. Yash Thakur Daniel Sams Prerak Mankad Deepak Hooda and Quinton de Kock made it to their substitutes list.The Chennai Super Kings bowlers started off well bowled with discipline and didnt give the LSG openers much. Deepak Chahar bowled an excellent first over to start off with a good mix of inswingers and outswingers. The CSK pacers gave away just two fours in the first three overs. MS Dhoni then introduced spin into the attack as early as the fourth over and the move combined with the pressure worked as Moeen Ali had Kyle Mayers 14 off 17 caught at long off.Spin struck again two overs later as Maheesh Theekshana cleaned up Manan Vohra 10 off 11 who shuffled way across and missed his swipe to see the stumps shattered and he then had Krunal Pandya caught at first slip where Ajinkya Rahane pulled off a brilliant low catch. Marcus Stoinis swept the hat-trick ball for four as LSG hobbled to 31/3 at the end of the Powerplay.Ravindra Jadeja then joined the wicket-taking party as he cleaned up Marcus Stoinis 6 off 4 with an absolute peach which left the LSG batter perplexed and stunned. It pitched outside the leg stump and hit the top of off. Another one walked back to the hut as Moeen pulled off a brilliant reflex caught and bowled to dismiss Karan Sharma 9 off 16 as LSG reached 44/5 at the halfway mark. Moeen finished an excellent spell of 4-0-13-2 in which he didnt concede a single boundary.CSK kept a tight leash on the scoring and it was Ayush Badoni who broke the shackles in the 15th over heaving one over deep mid-wicket for the first six of the innings and taking 11 from the over. Badoni and Pooran took 10 from the next over by Matheesha Pathirana.Badoni then took on Theekshana cracking a six and a four to accumulate 15 from the over as the fifty-run stand came up from 44 balls. However against the run of play Pathirana struck to have Pooran 20 off 31 caught at extra cover.CSK brought on Ambti Rayudu as their Impact Player replacing Theekshana in the 18th over. Badoni thought went from strength to strength and brought up his fifty with a four and a thumping six over deep mid-wicket off Chahar and then followed up with another thumping six over extra cover to make it 20 off the penultimate over.Pathirana had K Gowtham caught at long on off the second ball of the final over before rain gods interrupted play. The rains didnt relent and in the end they forced the match to be abandoned. LSG had reached 125/7 from 19.2 overs with Badoni unbeaten on 59 off 33 balls.

Date 02 May 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 44 GT vs DC - Match Report


DC got back to winning ways after the loss against Sunrisers Hyderabad to beat Gujarat Titans in Match 44 of TATA IPL 2023 at the Narendra Modi Stadium in Ahmedabad.A fantastic collective bowling performance from the DC bowlers led by Ishant Sharma 2/23 saw the away team defend 130 as Ishant held his nerve to defend 12 off the last over in yet another thriller after GT pacer Mohd. Shami produced a swing bowling masterclass with his best IPL figures 4-0-11-4.Chasing 131 Gujarat Titans were dealt with an early blow as Wriddhiman Saha was caught behind off Khaleel who bowled a fantastic wicket maiden. Khaleel beat Sahas outside edge multiple times before finally getting him to edge one to the keeper via terrific swing bowling.Hadik Pandya went on the counter-attack in the third over from Khaleel thumping three fours but GT found themselves two down in the next over as Anrich Nortje had Gill 6 off 7 caught at covers off an uppish drive.Ishant Sharma then produced a beautiful Knuckle ball to castle the in-form Vijay Shankar and reduce GT to 26/3. GT stuttered to 31/3 at the end of the Powerplay. Kuldeep Yadav came into the attack and didnt take time to strike as he cleaned up David Miller 0 off 3 who shuffled across for a sweep but missed it completely.Pandya and Abhinav Manohar started the rebuilding process but DC kept things largely tight as the required run rate crept over 10 per over with five overs to go. Hardik brought up the 50-run stand with a powerful pull for a four off Nortje. The skipper then brought up his half-century off 44 balls. Kuldeep bowled another excellent over giving just five to complete an excellent spell of 4-0-15-1.With 37 needed off 18 Khaleel returned and struck first ball to remove Manohar 26 off 33 caught at long on. Khaleel completed an excellent over to give away just four as the equation read 33 needed off 12 balls.Nortje started off the penultimate over well nailing his yorkers and giving away just three off the first three balls. But he missed his marker as Rahul Tewatia came into his own to swing the next three balls across the line for three sixes in a row to bring the equation down to 12 needed off the last over.Warner handed the ball to Ishant for the final over and the experienced veteran answered hiscaptains call with a fantastic over. Ishant started off brilliantly and gave away just three off the first three balls and then got Tewatia 20 off 7 caught at extra cover as the equation came to 9 needed off 2 balls. Rashid Khan smashed the next one to cover-point where Rossouws superb stop restricted GT to a couple. With 7 needed off the last ball Ishant bowled a full toss which Rashid sliced over backward point for just two as the DC players erupted in wild celebrations.Earlier Delhi Capitals captain David Warner won the toss and elected to bat. They made two changes to the starting XI as Rilee Rossouw and Aman Khan replaced Mitchell Marsh and Mukesh Kumar. Khaleel Ahmed Lalit Yadav Yash Dhull Pravin Dubey and Abishek Porel made it to the home teams substitutes list.Gujarat Titans on the other hand went unchanged. They named Shubman Gill Sai Kishore KS Bharat Sai Sudharsan and Shivam Mavi as their substitutes.GT pacer Mohd. Shami got off to a brilliant start as he ripped through the Gujarat top and middle order to take four wickets inside the Powerplay. He struck off the first ball of the match to remove Phil Salt who hit one powerfully but straight to David Miller at short extra cover. DC received a huge blow in the next over bowled by Hardik Pandya as a miscommunication between Priyam Garg and David Warner saw the DC captain stranded mid-way and run out. Garg clipped it to mid-wicket and Warner set off for a non-existent single. He kept going as Garg stopped. Rashid Khan who fielded the ball had a good presence of mind to run over to the non-strikers end and dislodge the bails rather than throwing the ball as there was no one backing up. Rilee Rossouw released some pressure as he cracked consecutive fours off the same over.Shami made it three wickets in three overs for GT as he head Rossouw caught behind with a beautiful outswinger. He returned to scalp two more in his third over as he unleashed a couple more deadly outswingers to have Manish Pandey and Priyam Garg caught behind. Pandey was brilliantly caught by Wriddhiman Saha who dived full length to his right to grab a wonderful catch.Aman Khan hit a rare four off Josh Little to end the Powerplay as DC hobbled to 28/5 at the end of the first six overs. Shami bowled four overs straight up and finished with superb figures of 4-0-11-4.Aman Khan and Axar Patel then got together mixed caution and aggression to steady the ship and take DC to 54/5 at the halfway mark and then bring up the 50-run stand off 54 balls.Hardik Pandya then brought Mohit Sharma into the attack and the in-form struck in his first over to break the partnership by having Axar 27 off 30 caught at long off off a mistimed loft. Aman Khan and Ripa Patel then injected the much-needed momentum as Aman hit a four and a six off Mohit Sharma and the duo hit three fours in the next over from Josh Little to make it 29 from two overs. Aman cracked a huge six off Mohit and then brought up his maiden IPL fifty off 41 balls as he got a standing ovation from the DC dugout.Aman Khan started off the penultimate over well thumping a six over deep mid-wicket off the first ball from Rashid Khan and in process bringing up the 50-run stand off just 26 balls. Rashid though bounced back to have Aman 51 off 44 caught at deep mid-wicket two balls later. He gave away just eight in the over and then Mohit bowled a superb last over to concede just three runs and scalp the wicket of Ripal Patel to restrict DC to 130/8. It was however a good recovery for the away side to post a respectable total after being reduced to 23/5 inside five overs.GT introduced Shubman Gill who strode out to open the batting as their Impact Player replacing Mohit Sharma while DC brought on Khaleel Ahmed who opened the bowling as their Impact Player replacing Priyam Garg.

Date 01 May 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 43 LSG vs RCB - Match Report


RCB bounced back hard after the defeat against Kolkata Knight Riders to beat Lucknow Super Giants in Match 43 of TATA IPL 2023 at the Bharat Ratna Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee Ekana Cricket Stadium in Lucknow.The away team Produced a magnificent bowling and fielding performance as they defended 126 runs in an electric performance in Lucknow. Faf du Plessis 44 off 40 and Virat Kohlis 31 off 30 had helped RCB post 126/9. A collective bowling performance then saw the bowlers bowl with discipline and pick up regular wickets ably supported by the fielders who pulled off brilliant catches stumping and run outs to bowl LSG out for 108 and win by 18 runs.Chasing 127 Lucknow Super Giants were rocked early as they lost Kyle Mayers early. The LSG opener mistimed his heave to mid on where Suyash Prabhudessai made no mistake. Josh Hazlewood then bowled a fantastic second over which saw Impact Player Ayush play and miss multiple times. He gave away just one but Krunal Pandya released the pressure in style in the next over cracking three consecutive fours off Siraj to make it 16 off the third over. Krunal though couldnt continue for long as he chipped one straight into the hands of Virat Kohli at long off to give Glenn Maxwell a wicket in his first over.Hazlewood struck in his next over having Badoni 4 off 11 caught at short extra cover as Kohli pulled off a very good reflex catch to reduce LSG to 21/3.Wanindu Hasarange made it three wickets in three overs for RCB as he had Deepak Hooda stumped with Karthik showing good presence of mind. Nichoolas Pooran got off the mark with a huge six first ball but it was RCBs Powerplay all the way as LSG hobbled to 34/4 at the end of first six overs.Karn Sharma joined the wicket taking party having Pooran 9 off 7 caught at deep square leg off a mistimed slog sweep as LSG lost half their side inside seven overs.K Gowtham then provided a bit of relief cracking a six and a four off Karn Sharma with LSG bringing up the fifty in the 9th over. Gowtham hit another six in the next over lofting one straight down the ground off Hasaranga to reach 63/5 at the halfway mark. RCB introduced Harshal Patel as their Impact Player replacing Anuj Rawat at the start of the 11th over. LSG were then dealt with a huge blow as Stoinis 13 off 19 mistimed his loft to long off off Karn Sharma and departed and three balls later Gowtham 23 off 13 too walked back to the hut run out trying to complete a second run. Three overs later LSG suffered another run out as Bishoni5 off 10 was caught well short on the second run. As the wickets kept falling the required rate kept climbing.LSG went six overs without a boundary before Mishra got an outside edge to third man for a streaky four in the 17th over and Naveen-ul-Haq thumped one over extra cover another four in the next over to bring the equation to 31 needed off 12 balls.Naveen got another four in the next over off an inside edge wide of the short fine leg trying to go for a reverse scoop but he departed next ball caught behind off Hazlewood. The injured KL Rahul walked out to bat with 24 needed off 8 but he couldnt pull off the heist as RCB bowled LSG out for 108 with Harshal taking the final wicket of Amit Mishra.Earlier Faf du Plessis who was back leading the Royal Challengers Bangalore side won the toss and elected to bat. They made four changes to the starting XI as Faf du Plessis Josh Hazlewood Anuj Rawat and Karn Sharma replaced Shahbaz Ahmed David Willey Harshal Patel and Vijaykumar Vyshak. They named Harshal Patel Sonu Yadav Michael Bracewell Vijaykumar Vyshak and Shahbaz Ahmed as their substitutes.Lucknow Super Giants made two changes to the starting eleven as K Gowtham and Amit Mishra replaced Ayush Badoni and Avesh Khan. They named Ayush Badoni Daniel Sams Quinton de Kock Prerak Mankad and Avesh Khan as their substitutes.Virat Kohli and Faf du Plessis got RCB off to a steady start but the Lucknow Super Giants made sure they kept the boundary count in check as they conceded just three fours and a six in the Powerplay. RCB reached 42/0 at the end of the first six overs. It was a mixed phase for both the teams but LSG were dealt with a blow as KL Rahul had to leave the field because of a leg injury suffered while trying to save a four in the second over.Things further slowed down as RCB went boundary-less for the next three overs. Kohli finally broke the shackles to hit a beautiful cover drive for four off Yash Thakur for a boundary after 23 balls. LSG reaped the rewards of building the pressure as Ravi Bishnoi had Kohli 31 off 30 stumped trying to charge down the track but missing his swing. The next two overs brought just nine runs and then another batter walked back trying to up the scoring as Anuj Rawat 9 off 11 pulled one straight into the hands of the deep mid-wicket fielder.Bishnoi struck another crucial blow in the next over as he trapped Glenn Maxwell 4 off 5 LBW after the RCB batter missed his reverse sweep. Maxwell reviewed it but the ball tracking showed it was clipping the top of stumps. The umpires call stayed as Maxwell walked back.Two overs later another RCB batter walked back to the hut as Amit Mishra had Suyash Prabhudessai 6 off 7 caught at long off by K Gowtham. The fielder misjudged it at first but made a good adjustment to dive forward and pouch it inches above the ground. Rain then interrupted play before Karthik upped the ante with a four and a six off Naveen-ul-Haq and Amit Mishra respectively post the resumption. Mishra struck back in the same over as he made Du Plessis 44 off 40 who had held fort at one end miscue one off a slog sweep and Krunal Pandya grabbed a fantastic catch. Naveen then trapped Mahipal Lomror 3 off 3 LBW as wickets kept tumbling for RCB. Yash Thakur then produced another moment of brilliance in the field as he ran out Karthik off his own bowling via a brilliant reflex fielding effort and knocking down the stumps at the non-strikers end.Naveen then finished it off well picking up two wickets - of Karn Sharma and Mohd. Siraj - and giving away just six runs as RCB trudged to 126/9 at the end of the 20 overs. RCB hit just six fours and two sixes in their entire innings with du Plessis top-scoring with 44 off 40.LSG introduced Ayush Badoni who walked out to open the batting with Kyle Mayers as their Impact Player in place of Yash Thakur.

Date 30 Apr 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 42 MI vs RR - Match Report


A special night saw a special innings a special finish and a special run-chase as Mumbai Indians chased down 213 against Rajasthan Royals in a thrilling 1000th IPL match at the Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai. Tim David 45* off 14 provided a blockbuster finish with three sixes in a row with 17 needed off the last over to help get back to winning ways. Rohit Sharma wouldnt have asked for a better birthday gift.Yashasvi Jaiswal lit up the Wankhede Stadium with a whirlwind 124 off 62 balls to power RR to a daunting 212/7. It was a splendid innings on a special occasion 1000th IPL match as Mumbai was treated to a run-fest at the jam-packed Wankhede Stadium. However Suryakumars 360-degree special 55 off 29 coupled with Cameron Greens brisk 4426 and Tim Davids finishing heroics 45* off 14 helped MI chase down the target with three balls to spare.Chasing 213 MI were jolted early as Rohit Sharma 3 off 5 was cleaned up by Sandeep Sharma off a brilliant knuckle ball in the second over. The in-form Cameron Green went on the attack straightaway as he hammered four fours and a six in the Powerplay including three fours in a single over off Boult as MI reached 58/1 at the end of first six overs.Green and Kishan brought up the 50-run stand off 34 balls. After a quiet four-run over from Ashwin Green and Kishan took 13 off Chahal but Kishan departed in the next over as he mistimed one to deep point off Ashwin.Suryakumar Yadav arrived and took off as he smacked a slog sweep over deep backward square leg for a six first ball off Ashwin. He then took the attack to holder hitting three consecutive fours to take MI to 98/2 at the halfway mark. Ashwin then broke another partnership as he had Green 44 off 26 caught at deep mid-wicket.Suryakumar Yadav then unleashed an array of wonderful shots to smash 6 4 4 4 to welcome Kuldeep Sen into the attack. The eventful over saw Tilak Varma review successfully to survive after he was given out LBW. Varma and Suryakumar smashed 17 runs off the next over from Chahal to bring the equation down to 72 off 36. Suryakumar Yadav brought up his fifty off 24 balls as he provided a good finish to the Holder over accumulating nine from it.Boult then struck a huge blow as he removed Suryakumar Yadav and it took a special catch from Sandeep Sharma at short fine leg as he ran backwards to pluck a diving catch out of nowhere. Boult bowled a brilliant over and gave away just six to bring the equation to 57 needed off 24.Tilak Varma hit a four and David smashed a massive six off Holder to accumulate 14 off the 17th over. The duo took 11 runs off the Boult over to bring the equation down to 32 needed off 12. David then clobbered a massive six over long on off Sandeep Sharma and muscled one over covers for a four to amass 15 off the penultimate ove.With 17 needed off the last over Samson tossed the ball to Holder but it all finished very quickly. David started off in a brilliant fashion as he cracked a flat six over long off off the first ball. He sent the ball flying even far off the next ball as he plundered a full toss over deep mid-wicket and way into the stands. The next one flew in the same direction as David thrashed it out of the park to win it for MI with 6 6 6 to spark wild celebrations. He remained not out on 45 off 14 balls while Tilak Varma remained unbeaten on 29 off 21.Earlier Rajasthan Royals captain Sanju Samson won the toss and elected to bat. They made one change to the starting eleven as Trent Boult replaced Adam Zampa. They named Donovan Ferreira Murugan Ashwin Riyan Parag Kuldip Yadav and Kuldeep Sen as their substitutes.Mumbai Indians made three changes to the starting XI as Jofra Archer Tilak Varma and Arshad Khan replaced Jason Behrendorff Nehal Wadhera and Arjun Tendulkar. Nehal Wadhera Ramandeep Singh Vishnu Vinod Shams Mulani and Arjun Tendulkar were named as their substitutes.It was a special occasion - the 1000th match of the IPL - and ahead of the start of the landmark game captains Rohit Sharma and Sanju Samson and legends Sachin Tendulkar and Kumar Sangakkara were presented with special mementos to mark the special journey of the league.Yashasvi Jaiswal was up and running straightaway as he smacked the fourth ball of the innings from Cameron Green for a six. He then smashed a pull off Jofra Archer for a 94m maximum in the next over. Jos Buttler then found his groove as he hit a couple of fours off Archer in the fourth over. Jaiswal took the attack to Green smashing four fours in the fifth over.Piyush Chawla started off well with a single and four consecutive dots to Jaiswal but the RR youngster finished the Powerplay well with a massive six over deep mid-wicket to take the away side to 65/0 at the end of six overs. MI needed to break the stand and veteran spinner Chawla answered his captains call again as he had Buttler 18 off 19 caught at long on. It was an eventful over that saw Sanju Samson smack his first ball for a six over long on and was then given out caught behind but he reviewed it and replays showed there was no bat involved as the decision was overturned. The RR captain though couldnt make a strong impact as he departed two overs later flicking one straight to Tilak Varma at deep mid-wicket on 1410.Jaiswal brought up his fourth fifty of TATA IPL 2023 with a cracking drive through covers for a four off Chawla. But Chawla returned to provide a moment of magic three balls later as he cleaned up Devdutt Padikkkal with a lovely googly.Jaiswal though kept the momentum going with a couple of fours off Meredith and then smacking a six and four off Chawla. He added a brisk 40 off 20 balls before Archer had him caught at long off.Jaiswal then brought up his century in style off 53 balls with two fours in a row off Meredith and he added one more four off the next ball. He went after Archer again hitting a couple of sixes in the penultimate over. He thumped a couple of fours off Arshad Khan before miscuing a high full toss back to the bowler off the next ball as he walked off to a standing ovation for his 124 off 62 balls. RR hit 16 off the last over to post 212/7.RR brought on Impact Player Kuldeep Sen in place of Dhruv Jurel at the start of their bowling innings.

Date 30 Apr 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 41 CSK vs PBKS - Match Report


Punjab Kings were back to winning ways after the defeat to Lucknow Super Giants as they beat Chennai Super Kings in Match 41 of TATA IPL 2023 at the MA Chidambaram Stadium in Chennai.A collective batting performance with breezy cameos from Prabhsimran Singh 42 off 24 Liam Livingstone 40 off 24 Sam Curran 29 off 20 Jitesh Sharma 21 off 10 saw Sikandar Raza 13 off 7 hold his nerve to chase down 9 in the last over to win a thrilling match by four wickets.The ever-reliant Devon Conway 92* off 52 smacked his fifth fifty of the season to propel CSK to 200/4 as Dhoni provided finishing touches in Dhoni style with two sixes off the final two balls to the delight of the home crowd. But it were those small impactful performances from the PBKS batters that took the away side past the finish line.Chasing 201 Shikhar Dhawan showed his attacking intent straightaway as he charged down the track and thumped one over covers off Akash Singh. He guided the next one to third man for the second four of the over. Impact Player Prabhsimran Singh opened his boundary account with a well-timed six over deep square leg off Tushar Deshpande. Dhawan kept attacking Akash as he cracked a six and a four in his next over to make it 14 off the over. Dhoni introduced spin early but Prabhsimran went after Maheesh Theekshana and hit a couple of fours to take 12 from the over. Dhawan brought the fifty-stand up with a four off Deshpande but the CSK pacer hit back to have Dhawan 28 off 15 caught in slip to provide the home team some relief.PBKS reached 62/1 at the end of the Powerplay. Prabhsimran 42 off 24 kept the scoreboard ticking with his attacking approach but he missed one off Jadeja charging down the track and swinging across the line and was calmly stumped by Dhoni.Jadeja got another one in his next over as he had Atharva Taide caught and bowled to dent PBKS. Jadeja Theekshana and Pathirana bowled with discipline to slow down the run-flow and bring the equation to 72 needed off 30.Livingstone then opened up and cracked three sixes off Deshpande but the CSK pacer bounced back to dismiss the ominous-looking English Batter having him caught at deep mid-wicket off a short ball. It was a huge wicket in the context of the game. PBKS amassed 24 from the over to bring the equation down to 48 off 24 balls. Curran took the attack to Jadeja in the next over cracking a couple of sixes and hitting 17 runs. With 31 needed off 18 Pathirana provided a crucial moment as he cleaned up Curran 29 off 20. He bowled a decent over to give away 9 runs.With 22 needed off 12 Jitesh Sharma cracked one over extra cover for a four off the first ball of the penultimate over from Deshpande but the CSK pacer bounced back to have Sharma caught a wide long on where Shaik Rasheed lost his balance and slipped while taking the catch but did really well to not touch the boundary hoardings. Sikandar Raza then got off the mark with a four off an outside edge to third man as CSK took 13 off the over. With 9 needed off 6 Pathirana gave away just two off the first three balls but then Raza dragged a couple to the leg side for a couple of twos to bring the equation down to 3 needed off 1. Raza held his nerve off the last ball heaved one over backward square leg and scampered through the three as the fielder saved the boundary but couldnt stop the batters completing the third run and getting past the finish line and spark wild celebrations.Earlier Chennai Super Kings captain won the toss and elected to bat. They made one change to the starting XI as Ambati Rayudu replaced Akash Singh. They named Akash Singh Dwaine Pretorius Subhranshu Senapati Shaik Rasheed Rajvardhan Hangargekar as their substitutes.Punjab Kings too made one change to the starting eleven as Harpreet Brar replaced Gurnoor Brar. Prabhsimran Singh Matthew Short Rishi Dhawan Mohit Rathee and Shivam Singh were named as the away teams substitutes.Ruturaj Gaikwad and Devon Conway got into the groove early as Gaikwad crunched a cover drive for the first four of the innings in the first over from Arshdeep Singh and Conway went after Kagiso Rabada lofting one over extra cover for a four and charging down the track next ball and thumping one through covers to make it two fours in the over.The duo attacked Arshdeep in the next over as Ruturaj unfurled a couple of well-placed and well-timed fours and then Conway pulled one behind square leg to make it three fours in the over.Sam Curran came into the attack and bowled a tight over conceding just three runs. Gaikwad hit the first maximum of the innings as he lofted one over long on off Rahul Chahar who was brought into the attack early.Conway lofted a couple over mid on for consecutive fours off Curran in the next over to bring up CSKs fifty and Ruturaj pulled on to fine leg for the third four of the over as the home side reached 57/0 at the end of the Powerplay.The PBKS spinners - Chahar and Sikandar Raza - wrestled back some control and the Zimbabwe all-rounder finally broke the 86-run stand as he had Gaikwad stumped for 37 31. PBKS gave away 33 runs from the 6-10 over phase and picked up the wicket of Gaikwad in that phase as CSK reached 90/1 at the halfway mark.CSK upped the scoring in the 12th over as Shivam Dube smacked a six off Chahar and Conway brought up his fifty off 30 balls his fifth half-century of the season with a reverse-swept four. The pair took on Rabada in the next over and amassed 14 off it.Arshdeep then came back to break the 44-run stand at a crucial juncture as he had Dube 28 off 17 caught at long on off a slower delivery.Conway and Moeen made sure the pressure didnt build post a wicket as they cracked three fours off Liam Livingstone in the next over and took 12 off the 16th over from Curran.Dhawan brought back Chahar and he struck off the first ball of his final over having Moeen 10 off 6 stumped. Conway though continued to make merry smacking a couple of fours off Chahar. PBKS bowlers pulled things back in the slog overs but MS Dhoni provided the final flurry with two sixes off the last two balls of the innings to take CSK to 200/4 at the end of 20 overs.Conway remained unbeaten on 92 off 52 balls while Dhoni remained not out on 13 off 4.PBKS introduced Prabhsimran Singh as their Impact Player replacing Kagiso Rabada and CSK brought on Akash Singh as their Impact Player in place of Ambati Rayudu at the start of the second innings.

Date 29 Apr 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 40 DC vs SRH - Match Report


Sunrisers Hyderabad got a much-needed win under their belt after three losses in a row as they beat Delhi Capitals in Match 40 of TATA IPL 2023 at the Arun Jaitley Stadium in Delhi.Abhishek Sharma starred for Sunrisers Hyderabad with an all-round performance of 67 off 36 balls and 1/26 to help SRH win by 9 runs.Sharma laid the platform with an aggressive 67-run innings while Heinrich Klaasen provided the finishing touches with a brisk 53 off 27 balls to help SRH post a competitive 197/6. Mayank Markande then led from the front with the ball with an excellent spell of 4-0-20-2 as SRH bowlers bounced back hard and survived Phil Salt 59 off 35 and Mitchell Marshs blitzes 63 off 39 to break the three-match losing streak.Chasing 198 Delhi Capitals received a huge blow early as captain David Warner dragged one onto the stumps off the second ball of the innings from Bhuvneshwar Kumar.Phil Salt and Mitchell Marsh then went on the counter-attack and hit a flurry of fours and sixes to bring the 50-stand up off just 29 balls and take the Capitals to 57/1 at the end of the Powerplay. Salt cracked six fours inside the Powerplay while Marsh hit a six each off Akeal Hosein and T Natarajan in the same period.Mitchell Marsh continued to deal in sixes as he hammered a couple of pulls off Umran Malik for consecutive sixes while Salt hit a couple of fours to welcome Umran Malik into the attack with 22 runs off his first over.The pair continued to bat at brisk pace as Salt brought up his maiden IPL fifty off just 29 balls. In between Harry Brook nearly pulled off a magnificent catch at long on as he plucked a one-handed catch of Marsh on the ropes lost his balance and had the presence of mind to throw it back as the momentum took him over the ropes. It was such a good effort that even Marsh applauded it. The Australian all-rounder brought up his half-century off 28 balls.SRH were in desperate need of a wicket and Mayank Markande answered the call via a spectacular reflex caught and bowled to dismiss Phil Salt 59 off 35 as the leg spinner broke the 112-run stand. SRH picked two wickets in quick succession as Abhishek Sharma had Manish Pandey stumped in the next over. Akeal Hosein made it three wickets in three overs for the away team as he had the dangerous Mitchell Marsh 63 off 39 caught at extra cover off a miscued shot after being hit for a six off the previous ball. Two overs later Markande struck again as he made Priyam Garg 12 off 9 drag one onto the stumps. Markande finishes with excellent figures of 4-0-20-2.DC kept losing wickets and it didnt help their cause as Sarfaraz was cleaned up in the next over by Natarajan. With 49 needed off 18 Axar Patel smacked a six off Bhuvneshwar and took 14 off the 18th over. With 35 needed off 12 Natarajan bowled another excellent over as he nailed his yorkers and gave away just 9. With 26 required off the last over Bhuvneshwar held his nerve and helped SRH cross the finish line with the home team falling short by 10 runs.Earlier Sunrisers Hyderabad captain Aiden Markram won the toss and elected to bat. They made three changes to the starting eleven as debutant Akeal Hosein Rahul Tripathi and Abdul Samad replaced Marco Jansen Washington Sundar and T Natarajan. They named Marco Jansen Vivrant Sharma Glenn Phillips Mayank Dagar and T Natarajan as their substitutes.Delhi Capitals made two changes as Priyam Garg and Mukesh Kumar replaced Sarfaraz Khan and Aman Khan. They named Sarfaraz Khan Lalit Yadav Abishek Porel Khaleel Ahmed and Pravin Dubey as their substitutes.Abhishek Sharma got SRH off to a good start as he played some wonderful shots and cracked nine fours in the Powerplay. He set the tone cracking two fours in the first over from Ishant Sharma. Mayank Agarwal survived an early scare as he was given out LBW in the second over off Anrich Nortje but he reviewed it and ball tracking showed the impact was outside off. He however couldnt last long as he was caught behind off Ishant Sharma. SRH lost Rahul Tripathi too inside the Powerplay but nothing could stop Abhishek as he took on Ishant and smashed him for four fours in the sixth over to take SRH to 62/2 at the end of the Powerplay.Kuldeep Yadav could have had a wicket in his fist over but Anrich Nortje gave Markram a lifeline as he dropped a catch at long off. Abhishek brought up his fifty in style next ball as he hammered his first six over deep mid-wicket.DC pulled things back in the next two overs and it brought a couple of wickets as Mitchell Marsh had Markram 8 off 13 caught at deep mid-wicket off a short ball and then another short ball had Harry Brook 0 off 2 caught at mid-wicket two balls later as SRH reached 83/4 at the halfway mark.Abhishek and Heinrich Klaasen didnt let the pressure build further as they went after Mukesh Kumar and smacked three four and a six to amass 24 off the over but Abhishek 67 off 36 couldnt replicate the same in the next over and departed over trying to clear long on and holing out in the deep off Axar Patel.Klaasen and Abdul Samad carried forward the momentum with an aggressive approach as they hit a slew of fours and sixes to bring up the 50-run stand off 32 balls.Marsh got rid of Samad 28 off 21 to pick up his third wicket but Klaasen continued to attack and brought up his fifty off just 25 balls to propel the away side to 197/6. Klaasen remained unbeaten on 53 off 27 as SRH scored 62/1 in the last five overs.Mitchell Marsh was the pick of the bowlers for DC with figures of 4-1-27-4.DC brought in Sarfaraz Khan as their Impact Player replacing Ishant Sharma in the 19th over.

Date 29 Apr 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 39 KKR vs GT - Match Report


Gujarat Titans jumped to the top of the table with their third win in a row as they beat Kolkata Knight Riders in Match 39 of TATA IPL 2023 at the Eden Gardens.Vijay Shankars momentum-changing knock of 51* off 24 balls coupled with supporting acts from Shubman Gill 49 off 35 and David Miller 32 off 18 helped GT chase down 180 after a collective bowling performance led by Mohd. Shami 3/33 had restricted the home side to 179/7. Chasing 180 GTs Impact Player Shubman Gill got the away side off to a breezy start hitting seven fours in the Powerplay including three crunching fours through the covers off Harshit Rana in the third over. It was Russell who provided the first breakthrough as Saha 10 off 10 miscued a slower one to mid-wicket. GT reached 52/1 at the end of six overs.Shubman Gill and Hardik Pandya got together mixed caution with aggression and added 50 off 39 balls. Nitish Rana then brought back Harshit Rana in the 11th over and the move worked as he broke the partnership by trapping Hardik Pandya 26 off 20 LBW. One brought two as Narine dismissed the set Shubman Gill 49 off 35 who mistimed his loft to deep mid-wicket in the next over.KKR kept things tight in the next couple of overs before David Miller injected the momentum back with consecutive sixes off Suyash Sharma to accumulate 18 from the over. Russell then came back and nearly had Miller but Suyash Sharma couldnt hold on to a tough high swirling catch. It was a crucial moment in the game.With 38 needed off 24 Vijay Shankar went after Varun Chakaravarthy hammering three sixes to turn the tables and amass 24 off the over. That over put GT in the drivers seat with the away side requiring 14 from 18. Vijay Shankar kept going from strength to strength as he hit a four and a six off Nitish Rana and brought up his fifty off just 24 balls as GT chased down the target with 13 balls and seven wickets to spare.Shankar remained unbeaten on 51 off 24 while Miller remained not out on 32 off 18.
Earlier Gujarat Titans captain Hardik Pandya won the toss and elected to bowl. They made one change to their starting XI as Josh Little replaced Shubman Gill. They named Shubman Gill KS Bharat Sai Sudharsan Shivam Mavi and Jayant Yadav as their substitutes.Kolkata Knight Riders made three changes to the starting eleven as Rahmanullah Gurbaz Shardul Thakur and Harshit Rana replaced Jason Roy stiff back Vaibhav Arora and Umesh Yadav Hamstring problem. Suyash Sharma Mandeep Singh Anukul Roy Tim Southee and Kulwant Khejroliya were named as their substitutes.The Gujarat Titans bowlers started off well as Mohd. Shami and Hardik Pandya had N Jagadeesan play and miss a few times. Shami gave away just three runs in the first over. Jagadeesan looked to be aggressive but got a couple of edges which flew to third man for a couple of fours off Hardik Pandya. He cracked a couple of cuts off the middle through point for fours but his adventurous innings came to an end when he shuffled way across and looked to flick one off Shami but missed it and was trapped right in front. He opted to review it but replays showed the ball crashing onto the middle stump and the ball tracker showing all three reds.Rahmanullah though went on the counter-attack swinging a couple of ball across the line off Hardik Pandya for two sixes in the fourth over. Gurbaz went after Shami in the next over smashing a four and a six off the first two balls of the fifth over but the experienced campaigner that is Shami bounced back hard to dismiss Shardul Thakur who was promoted at No.3 off the last ball of the over as Mohit Sharma pulled off a splendid catch running backwards. Despite the fall of two wickets Gurbaz continued his attacking ways as he smacked a six straight down the ground and then swiped one over short fine leg for a four off Rashid Khan to make it 13 off the over and take KKR to 61/2 at the end of the Powerplay.The GT bowlers pulled things back post the Powerplay conceding just 23 runs from four overs. Gurbaz brought up his fifty off just 27 balls as KKR reached 84/2 at the halfway mark. GT reaped the rewards of building the pressure as Josh Little sent back Venkatesh Iyer and Nitish Rana in the same over. Iyer was trapped LBW trying to scoop one and missing it and in process losing the second review as well and Rana hit one straight to backward point.Gurbaz got going again with a couple of sixes and he then attacked Rashid Khan again hitting him for a sx down the ground and heaving one through mid-wicket for a four to make it 17 off the over. Noor got the huge wicket of Gurbaz 81 off 39 in the next over as he had him caught at deep mid-wicket via a brilliant catch from Rashid Khan. Noor bowled a superb 16th over giving away just three and dismissing the dangerous Gurbaz.Russell then got into the groove smashing a couple of sixes off Rashid Khan who had a rare off day and went for 54 from his fours overs without taking a wicket. Noor took another crucial wicket as he had Rinku Singh caught at long off in the next over. Wiese and Russell provided the final surge hitting 23 off the last two overs to propel KKR to 179/7.Russell was caught at deep point off the last ball of the innings but he had done his job by cracking 34 off 19 on his birthday. GT introduced Shubman Gill as their Impact Player replacing Mohit Sharma while KKR brought on Suyash Sharma as their Impact Player replacing Venkatesh Iyer at the start of the second innings.

Date 28 Apr 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 38 PBKS vs LSG - Match Report


Lucknow Super Giants got back to winning ways after the defeat against Gujarat Titans to beat Punjab Kings in Match 38 of TATA IPL 2023 at the Punjab Cricket Association IS Bindra Stadium in Mohali.Kyle Mayers set the platform for LSG with an attacking knock of 5424. Marcus Stoinis then took over from Mayers to smash his highest IPL score 72 off 40 as supporting acts from Ayush Badoni 43 off 24 and Nicholas Pooran 45 off 19 propelled LSG to a daunting 257/5. Yash Thakur 4/37 and Naveen-ul-Haq 3/30 then produced the wickets for the away side as a collective bowling effort from the LSG bowlers helped them bowl PBKS out for 201 and win by 56 runs and move to second in the table.Chasing 258 Punjab Kings were jolted early as they lost captain Shikhar Dhawan 1 in the first over as Stoinis had him caught at deep backward point and then Impact Player Prabhsimran Singh 9 off 13 in the fourth over as he heaved one straight to the deep backward square leg fielder off Naveen-ul-Haq. Atharva Taide who came out to bat at No. 3 looked in good touch as he counter-attacked with five fours and a six including three fours in an over off the Avesh Khan over as PBKS reached 55/2 at the end of six overs.Taide and Sikandar Raza got together to rebuild the innings at a fair clip as they brought up the fifty-run stand off just 29 balls. Taide reached his maiden IPL fifty off just 26 balls as PBKS reached 93/2 at the half-way stage. Raza 36 off 22 then took the attack to Bishnoi hitting him for a four and a six in the 11th over but he departed in the next over slashing one straight down the throat of the deep point fielder off Yash Thakur.Taide 66 off 36 continued his fight with three more fours but he couldnt carry long as he top-edged his slog sweep and Bishnoi did well to pouch a tricky catch off his own bowling. Livingstone and Curran kept the scoreboard ticking but Bishnoi struck again in his final over trapping the dangerous Livingstone 23 off 14 LBW off a googly. The batter reviewed it but ball tracking showed all three reds.The required run rate kept climbing up at a rapid rate and went beyond 20. Jitesh Sharma 24 off 10 put up some valiant fight with but was always going to be an uphill battle to chase down the second-highest total in the IPL. PBKS ended up falling well short of the target as they were bowled out for 201. Yash Thakur impressed with figures of 4-0-37-4 while Naveen-ul-Haq bowled a brilliant spell of 4-0-30-3.Earlier Shikhar Dhawan who was back leading the Punjab Kings side after recovering from an injury won the toss and elected to bowl. They made four changes to the starting XI as Sikandar Raza Shikhar Dhawan Kagiso Rabada and debutant Gurnoor Brar replaced Matthew Short Prabhsimran Singh Harpreet Brar and Harpreet Singh Bhatia. They named Prabhsimrn Singh Mohit Rathee Rishi Dhawan Matthew Short and Harpreet Brar as their substitutes.Lucknow Super Giants made one change to their starting eleven as Yash Thakur replaced Amit Mishra. K Gowtham Daniel Sams Prerak Mankad Amit Mishra and Mark Wood made it to their substitutes list.Debutant Gurnoor Brar would have had a dream start to his IPL career as KL Rahul cut the first ball uppishly to backward point but Atharva Taide dropped the catch. He bowled a good first over and gave away just two. Kyle Mayers though went on the attack straightaway in the next over cracking four fours off Arshdeep Singh. He opened the boundary account as he cracked one through point for a four off Arshdeep Singhs first ball. He smacked a pull and a couple of powerful shots straight down the ground for fours to make it 17 off the over. Mayers continued his aggressive approach against debutant Gurnoor smashing him for a six and a couple of fours as Rahul added a four more to make it 16 off the over.Dhawan then introduced Kagiso Rabada into the attack and the experienced pacer brought the first breakthrough sending back Rahul 12 off 9. Rahul had hit a six over long off off the previous ball but Rabada bounced back to have him caught at slip off the next. Mayers continued to attack and brought up the 50 with a powerful six over long on off Sikandar Raza. He smacked a four and a six more in the over to make it 17 off the over. He brought up his fifty in style off just 20 balls lofting one over long on for a six off a Rabada No ball. He top-edged the Free Hit ball over the keeper for four. But Rabada hit back hard off the last ball to remove Mayers who looked to go over mid on but ended up mistiming it into the hands of the mid on fielder. It was a mixed Powerplay for both the teams as LSG reached 74/2 at the end of first six overs.Badoni and Marcus Stoinis kept the momentum going hitting two sixes and two fours off Gurnoor to amass 24 runs off the over. The duo then took on Sam Curran smashing a couple of fours and a six to bring up the 50-run stand off just 26 balls. The runs continued to flow and PBKS had the chance to break the partnership as Stoinis mistimed one to long off off Chahar but Livingstone touched the ropes while taking the catch. The England all-rounder made amends in the next over sending back Badoni 43 off 24 to break the 89-run stand. Nicholas Pooran though came out all guns blazing smacking three fours off his first three balls in the Livingstone over which cost 19 runs and a wicket.Stoinis brought up his half-century off 31 balls as he and Pooran continued to hit boundaries at will as they added 76 off just 30 balls. Curran finally broke the partnership in the penultimate over dismissing Stoinis for 7240. Deepak Hooda then joined the boundary-hitting party to take LSG to 257/5. The away side hit 26 fours and 16 sixes on their way to posting the second-highest total ever in the IPL.PBKS introduced Prabhsimran Singh as their Impact Player replacing Gurnoor Brar as he walked out to open the batting along with Shikhar Dhawan at the start of their batting innings.

Date 27 Apr 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 37 RR vs CSK - Match Report


The Rajasthan Royals RR climbed to the top of the table in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2023 with a 32-run victory over the Chennai Super Kings CSK on Thursday at the Sawai Mansingh Stadium in Jaipur.
Yashasvi Jaiswal prospered yet again for RR and powered his side to a mighty first-innings total as the side recorded a confidence-boosting victory at home. 
Chasing a challenging target of 203 Chennai Super Kings openers - Ruturaj Gaikwad & Devon Conway were off to a cautious start. Gaikwad finally released the pressure and attacked the Jason Holder over by smacking a four and a six each.
Just when the powerplay was about to end CSK found their first success courtesy of Adam Zampa who dismissed the left-handed Devon Conway. Ruturaj Gaikwad kept the scoreboard ticking but the right-handed batter perished just when he was nearing his fifty.
RR kept the momentum going after R Ashwin scalped the wickets of Ajinkya Rahane and Ambati Rayudu in the same over. Although Shivam Dube who joined Moeen Ali in the middle came out with clear intention and clobbered three sixes in no time. Adam Zampa broke the partnership thanks to a fine grab behind the stumps to send back Moeen Ali.
The equation was down to 78 off the final five overs for CSK as Ravindra Jadeja joined Dube at the crease. Shivam Dube was hitting the ball magnificently and kept his side in the hunt.
Jason Holder was introduced back to bowl the penultimate over with CSK requiring 46 off 12 balls. Dube reached his half-century but in the end the Rajasthan Royals successfully defended the target to clinch a at home.
Earlier home captain Sanju Samson won the toss and elected to bat first in Jaipur. Opener Yashavi Jaiswal was off the mark straightway with two glorious fours and Rajasthan Royals were off to confident start. The fifty partnership was up in the fifth over with Jaiswal doing the majority of the hitting. Jos Buttler jumped on the bandwagon with two fine fours off the backfoot as RR moved to 64/0 at the end of powerplay.
The young left-handed opener then introduced the switch-hit for a maximum and brought his fifty in just 26 deliveries. CSK finally found the breakthrough they were looking for after Jos Buttler holed out to the deep off Jadejas bowling.
RR were exactly 100/1 at the halfway mark as Jaiswal continued to middle the ball beautifully. Tushar Deshpande came to the rescue for CSK and dismissed captain Sanju Samson and the well-set Yashasvi Jaiswal in the same over.
CSK capitalised on the momentum at the right time as Shimron Hetmyer chopped on to the stumps off Maheesh Theekshanas bowling. However RR got back into the game instantly by taking charge of the slog overs. Dhruv Jurel played an entertaining 34-run cameo which was MSDs excellent direct-hit while Devdutt Padikkal remained unbeaten on 23* to guide RR to a commanding first-innings total of 202/5.
Brief Scores Rajasthan Royals 202/5 Yashasvi Jaiswal 77 Dhruv Jurel 34 Tushar Deshpande 2/42 beat Chennai Super Kings170/6 Shivam Dube 52 Ruturaj Gaikwad 47 Adam Zampa 3/22 by 32 runs.

Date 26 Apr 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 36 RCB Vs KKR - Match Report


Kolkata Knight Riders got a much-needed win after four losses in a row as they beat Royal Challengers Bangalore in Match 36 of TATA IPL 2023 at the M Chinnaswamy Stadium in Bengaluru.A blistering 5629 from Jason Roy and an attacking 48 off 21 from captain Nitish Rana powered KKR to 200/5. Varun Chakaravarthy 3/27 and Suyash Sharma 2/30 then spun a web around the RCB batters as KKR restricted RCB to 179/8 and won by 21 runs.Chasing 201 RCB got off to a breezy start as openers Virat Kohli and Faf du Plessis went on the attack straightaway. Kohli slashed one to third man for a four off the first ball of the innings from Vaibhav Arora and then du Plessis flicked one wide of short fine leg. The duo then went after Umesh Yadav hammering 19 off the over as Kohli smacked one over extra cover for a four and then du Plessis ended the over with two sixes.Nitish Rana brought on Suyash Sharma into the attack as early as the third over and the young spinner answered his captains call with the big wicket of du Plessis 17 off 7 caught at long on and giving away just three off the over.Kohli kept the momentum going with a couple of fours off Suyash but the youngster bounced back in the over trapping Shahbaz Ahmed LBW to make it 51/2. Chakaravarthy then struck a big blow by having the in-form Glenn Maxwell caught at mid off after the RCB batter had hit him for a four off the earlier ball. This was the first time this season RCB had lost three wickets in the Powerplay as they reached 58/3 at the end of the first six overs.After a relatively quiet three overs Mahipal Lomror upped the scoring hammering a couple of sixes off Sunil Narine to take the score to 96/3 at the halfway mark.Kohli then reached his fifty off 33 balls. Lomror 34 off 18 hit one more six off Chakaravarthy but the wily spinner bounced back to have him caught at deep square leg off the next ball. RCB lost another one in the next over and the big one of Kohli 54 off 37 as he was brilliantly caught at deep mid-wicket by Venkatesh Iyer off Russell. Kohli pulled it powerfully to deep mid-wicket where Iyer moved to his left and pouched a good low diving catch.Dinesh Krthik and Suyash Prabhudessai added brisk 22 runs off 16 balls but a mix-up between the two saw Prabhudessai depart in the 15th over as Suyash Sharma finished an impressive spell of 4-0-30-2 giving away just six in his last over.With 56 needed off 24 balls Andre Russell bowled a good over giving away just eight runs and picking up the wicket of Hasaranga. Chakaravarthy then provided a crucial breakthrough as he had Karthik 22 off18 caught at deep mid-wicket. He bowled a fantastic over conceding just four and finishing with 4-0-27-3.With 44 needed off 12 it was always going to be an uphill task and the home team managed just 22 as KKR won the match by 21 runs.Earlier Royal Challengers Bangalore stand-in captain Virat Kohli won the toss and elected to bowl. They made one change to the starting XI as Harshal Patel replaced Faf du Plessis. Faf du Plessis Finn Allen Akash Deep Karn Sharma and Anuj Rawat made it to the home teams substitutes list.Kolkata Knight Riders made one change to the starting eleven as Venkatesh Iyer and Vaibhav Arora replaced Suyash Sharma and Kulwant Khejroliya. They named Mandeep Singh Suyash Sharma Anukul Roy Litton Das and Kulwant Khejroliya as their substitutes.Jason Roy carried forward his good form and got KKR off to a flier. Roy showed his attacking intent straight away as he charged down the track third ball and smacked a drive wide of mid on for a four off Siraj. One more followed in the over as Roy drove this one with better timing wide of mid off for the second four of the over. He along with N Jagadeesan unfurled a slew of straight and cover drives and then went after David Willey hitting a couple of fours and a six to make it 17 off the over.Virat Kohli then introduced spin early in the fifth over as he brought on Wanindu Hasaranga. The Sri Lankan all-rounder started off well giving away just six runs. There was an LBW appeal turned down and RCB opted for a review but replays showed the impact was outside off. Roy went after Shahbaz Ahmed in the next over thumping four sixes in the over to make it 25 off the over and take the score to 66 at the end of the Powerplay. Roy brought up his fourth IPL fifty off just 22 balls.RCB clawed back into the match as Jagadeesan who found it difficult to get going pulled one straight into the hands of the deep mid-wicket fielder off Vijaykumar Vyshak and the dangerman Roy was cleaned up by Vyshak in the same over via a brilliant yorker that rattled the leg stump.Venkatesh Iyer finally released some pressure hitting the first boundary in 17 balls off Hasaranga and he made it two in the over to take 13 off the 12th over. Vyshak had the opportunity to get his third but Mohd. Siraj dropped Nitish Rana at long off when on 4. The KKR captain made them pay as he cracked a massive six over long off to finish the over. Rana got another lifeline in the two overs later as Harshal Patel dropped him at fine leg.RCB bowled well in the middle overs and gave away 65/2 from the 7-15 over phase.Iyer and Rana went after Harshal in the 16th over smacking a four and a couple of sixes to accumulate 19 off the over and bring up KKRs 150. Rana took the attack to Vyshak in the next over hitting two fours and a six to make it 17 from the over.Hasaranga then came back and bowled a brilliant over to send back Nitish Rana 48 off 21 and Venkatesh Iyer 31 off 26 and give away just two runs to finish an excellent spell of 4-0-24-2.Rinku Singh arrived and went berserk hitting a six and a couple of fours off Siraj. The RCB pacer bounced back cleaning up Andre Russell with a terrific yorker off the last ball of the over. David Wiese provided the final surge hitting a couple of sixes off Harshal to take the score to 200/5.RCB introduced Faf du Plessis as their Impact Player replacing Harshal Patel while KKR brought on Suyash Sharma as their Impact player in place of Jason Roy at the start of the second innings.

Date 25 Apr 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 35 GT Vs MI - Match Report


Gujarat Titans jumped to the second spot on the points table as they beat Mumbai Indians in Match 35 of TATA IPL 2023 at the Narendra Modi Stadium in Ahmedabad.A classy half-century from Shubman Gill 56 off 34 set the platform and then blistering knocks from Abhinav Manohar 42 off 21 and David Miller 46 off 22 provided finishing touches to power GT to a daunting total of 207/6. The Afghanistan spinners - Rashid Khan 2/27 and Noor Ahmad 3/37 - then starred with the ball to bundle MI out for 152/9 and win the match by 55 runs.Chasing 208 captain Hardik Pandya provided Gujarat Titans a good start as he sent back the opposition captain Rohit Sharma in just the second over. Rohit got a top edge as he looked to pull one to the leg side and Hardik settled under it to pouch a tricky catch onreturn.Shami bowled a brilliant third over and beat Ishan Kishans outside edge multiple times conceding just two runs. Green finally got the first boundary of the innings in the fourth over as he smashed one over long off for a powerful six. There was only just one more four hit thereafter in the Powerplay as MI reached 29/1 at the end of first six overs.The pressure was building and it brought rewards as Rashid Khan sent back Kishan 13 off 21 in the 8th over and three balls later he trapped Impact Player Tilak Varma LBW via a successful review. MI were pushed on the back foot as they reached 58/3 at the halfway mark.Noor Ahmad added further misery for MI as cleaned up Green 33 off 26 in the next over and had Tim David to reduce MI to 59/5. Rashid then bowled an eventful over in a riveting battle against Rashid Khan as he cracked a couple of fours and a six and in between reviewed successfully after being given out LBW trying to reverse sweep one. Nehal Wadhera took the attack to Noor Ahmad hitting a four and a six and Suryakumar swept one for a four but the Afghanistan spinner bounced back to have the ominous-looking Suryakumar 23 off 12 caught and bowled to bounce back hard.With the required run-rate creeping over 18 Wadhera and Piyush Chawla got together and tried to put up a fight with a 24-ball 45 run stand but with 73 needed off 18 Chawla departed run-out trying to run through for a bye. Wadhera 40 off 21 departed in the same over mistiming his scoop to short fine leg off Mohit Sharma. It was always going to be an uphill battle as MI kept losing regular wickets and they fell well short of the target as GT won the match by 55 runs.Earlier Mumbai Indians captain Rohit Sharma won the toss and elected to bowl. They made three changes to the starting XI as Nehal Wadhera Kumar Kartikeya Riley Meredith replaced Tilak Varma Hrithik Shokeen and Jofra Archer. They named Ramandeep Singh Tilak Varma Shams Mulani Vishnu Vinod and Sandeep Warrier as their substitutes.Gujarat Titans named an unchanged eleven. Josh Little Dasun Shanaka Sai Kishore KS Bharat and Shivam Mavi were named as the home teams substitutes.Mumbai Indians struck early as Arjun Tendulkar had Wriddhiman Saha caught behind in the third over. It was a short of a good length delivery down the leg side which Saha looked to pull but ended up gloving it to the keeper. He opted for a review but the replays showed a spike as it brushed his gloves.The MI pacers - Tendulkar Jason Behrendorff and Riley Meredith - bowled with accuracy and precision and kept things tight to give away just three fours in the first five overs. Shubman Gill finally provided the much-needed thrust in the last over of the Powerplay hitting two fours and a six off Cameron Green to take GT to 50/1 at the end of the Powerplay. Rohit Sharma then introduced the in-form Piyush Chawla in the seventh over and he struck straightaway having Hardik Pandya who had come out to bat at No 3 caught at long off.MI bowled three frugal overs but Gill and Vijay Shankar upped the ante again cracking two fours and a six off Kartikeya in the 10th over. Gill brought up his fifty off 30 balls as GT took 16 off the over and moved to 84/2 at the halfway mark.Kartikeya though bounced back in his next over as he had the big wicket of Gill 56 off 34 who mistimed his loft straight into the hands of Suryakumar Yadav at long on. MI had two wickets in two overs as Chawla had Vijay Shankar 19 off 16 caught at long on as he too didnt time his loft well.The start-stop innings again got some push as Abhinav Manohar took the attack to Chawla cracking a couple of fours through extra cover and then hammering a 97m six to make it 17 runs in the 15th over. Behrendorff bowled a good 16th over giving away just 7. Miller then went after Meredith and cracked a couple of fours to take 13 off the 17th over. Manohar and Miller brought up their 50-run stand off just 30 balls. Manohar took the attack to Green in the next over and hammered a couple of powerful sixes and Miller finished the over with another maximum to make it 22 off the over.Meredith finally broke the partnership as he had Manohar 42 off 21 caught at long off off a full toss. Tewatia and Miller though continued the momentum hitting three sixes in the over which included the dropped catch of Miller by Behrendorff. Tewatia smacked two more sixes in the last over by Meredith but Miller departed for 4622 trying to hit one himself as GT posted 206/7.Gujarat Titans aced the slog overs hitting 77/2 in the 16-20 overs phase. GT brought on Josh Little as their Impact Player replacing Shubman Gill at the start of their bowling innings.

Date 24 Apr 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 34 SRH Vs DC - Match Report


Delhi Capitals made it two wins in a row to beat Sunrisers Hyderabad in Match 34 of TATA IPL 2023 at the Rajiv Gandhi International Stadium in Hyderabad.A collective and disciplined bowling effort from the bowlers helped Delhi Capitals defend 144 as they applied pressure scalped regular wickets maintained the stranglehold and held their nerve to take the away team past the finish line.Impact Player Mukesh Kumar bowled a fantastic final over to defend 13 runs after a late surge provided by Heinrich Klaasen and Washington Sundar had threatened to take away the match from SRH.Earlier Washington Sundar 4-0-28-3 and Bhuvneshwar Kumar 4-0-11-2 had broken the back of DCs batting with excellent spells and restricted the away side to 144/9.Chasing 145 SRH got off to a steady start as Mayank Agarwal unfurled a slew of cuts and well-timed drives to take SRH to 31/0 from five overs. Harry Brook at the other end found the going tough and the desperation got to him as he looked to scoop one of Anrich Nortje but missed and was cleaned up for 7 off 14 balls.DC tightened things from then on bowled with discipline and didnt give the SRH batters an inch. They didnt concede a boundary in the 6-10 over phase as the home side reached 58/1 at the halfway mark.Agarwal finally ended the boundary drought as he slapped one through covers off Mitchell Marsh for the first boundary in 27 balls. Marsh could have had the wicket of Agarwal in the same over but Mukesh Kumar dropped a touch low catch at short fine leg.It didnt cost DC much as Axar Patel sent back Agarwal in the next over having him caught at long on for 49 off 39. DC made it two wickets in two overs as Ishant Sharma came back and removed Impact Player Rahul Tripathi caught behind. On brought two and two brought three as Abhishek Tripathi was caught and bowled by Kuldeep Yadav. Axar then got a huge wicket as he made Aiden Markram drag one onto the stumps in the next over as DC were all over SRH with four wickets in four overs. The required rate kept climbing and went over 11 by the end of the 15th over.With 51 needed off 24 Washington Sundar and Heinrich Klassen released some pressure hitting a four and a six respectively as the pair took 13 off the over. Klassen cracked a couple of fours off Mukesh Kumar and Washington Sundar then paddled the last ball to fine leg for the third four ofthe over as the pair amassed 15 off the over.Nortje then provided a crucial moment in the match as he had Klaasen caught at deep cover after he was dropped by Mitchell Marsh off the previous ball. Washington Sundar whipped one over mid-wicket for a four in the same over and then took a single off the last ball to keep the strike.With 13 to get off the last over Warner handed the ball to Impact Player Mukesh Kumar again. Washington drove the first one through extra cover for a couple but Kumar followed with an excellent yorker to bowl a dot next ball. With 11 needed off four Washington thumped one to long on for just a single. Kumar then bowled another good yorker which Klassen flicked to deep mid-wicket for just a single. With 9 needed off 2 Kumar bowled another very full delivery which brought just a single as Washington whipped it to the deep mid-wicket fielder. The last one was another fantastic ball very full outside off and Jansen could only jam it to long off for a single as DC won the match by 7 runs.Earlier Delhi Capitals captain David Warner won the toss and elected to bat. They made two changes to the starting XI as Sarfaraz Khan and Ripal Patel replaced Lalit Yadav and Mukesh Kumar. Mukesh Kumar Lalit Yadav Pravin Dubey. Chetan Sakariya and Yash Dhull were named as their substitutes.Sunrisers Hyderabad made one change to their starting eleven as T Natarajan replaced Rahul Tripathi. They named Nitish Reddy Vivrat Sharma Glenn Phillips Mayank Dagar and Rahul Tripathi as their substitutes.Bhuvneshwar Kumar got SRH off to a good start as he had Phil Salt caught behind off the third ball of the innings. It was a lovely outswinger which Salt nicked behind to the keeper. The SRH pacer bowled a brilliant first over and gave away just two. Mitchell Marsh who walked in at 3 got in the groove straightaway cracking four fours off Marco Jansen in the second over to accumulate 19 runs off the over. He flicked a couple through the leg side for fours and thumped powerful drives for another two fours. Bhuvneshwar bowled another superb over and gave away just one. Warner who was patient to start off opened his boundary account in the fourth over swiping one to long leg for a four and smacking the next ball over deep square leg for a 88m maximum. It was DCs first six in the Powerplay this season and Warners first this season.Just when it looked like DC were getting some momentum going T Natarajan struck in his first over to trap Mitchell Marsh 25 off 15 LBW. It was an excellent review from SRH as the umpire had given it not out at first. But the replays showed the ball would have crashed onto middle and off - all three reds. Sarfaraz Khan opened his boundary account with a well-timed six over long off off Jansen as DC reached 49/2 at the end of the Powerplay.DC then lost their way as they lost three wickets in the eighth over. Warner 21 off 20 slog swept one straight into the hands of Harry Brook at deep backward square leg and Sarfaraz Khan suffered a similar dismissal top-edging a slog sweep to deep backward square leg. Aman Khan mistimed one for a four straight down the ground off his first ball and then went for a heave off the next and ended up top-edging it to cover where Abhishek Sharma made no mistake. It was a fantastic over for SRH with firuns and three wickets. DC hobbled to 72/5 at the halfway mark.Axar Patel and Manish Pandey then got together and went into the damage limitation mode as they batted patiently and brought up DCs 100 in the 15th over and then the 50-run partnership off 48 balls. Washington who went for 13 in his first over finished off well with a terrific spell of 4-0-28-3.With four overs left Axar broke the shackles thumping three fours in a row off Mayank Markande as they amassed 15 runs from the over. However DC lost Axar 34 off 34 at a crucial juncture as Bhuvneshwar came back to break the 69-run stand with a cracking yorker to clean up the DC all-rounder. Another wicket followed in the next over as a brilliant throw from Washington Sundar sent back the set Manish pandey 34 off 27 trying to scamper through for a quick second run. Natarajan bowled a very good penultimate over to give away just six. SRH introduced Rahul Tripathi as their Impact Player replacing T Natarajan in the 20th over. Bhuvneshwar bowled another fantastic over giving away just six runs and finished with brilliant figures of 4-0-11-2 as SRH pulled off a couple of run outs in the last over and restricted DC to 144/9. DC hit just 15 fours and two sixes in the innings.DC brought in Mukesh Kumar as their Impact Player replacing Sarfaraz Khan at the start of their bowling innings.

Date 23 Apr 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 33 KKR Vs CSK - Match Report


Chennai Super Kings made it three wins in a row and jumped to the top of the table by beating Kolkata Knight Riders in Match 33 of TATA IPL 2023 at the Eden Gardens.Ajinkya Rahanes whirlwind 71*29 Shivam Dubes blistering 50 21 coupled with consistent Conways stylish 56 40 powered CSK to a mammoth 235/4. A collective bowling effort saw the bowlers pick up regular wickets and restrict KKR to 186/8 to achieve a comprehensive win.Chasing 236 Kolkata Knight Riders were rocked early as opener Sunil Narine was cleaned up by CSKs Impact Player Akash Singh without opening his account off the fourth ball of the innings. N Jagadeesan departed in the second over as he sliced one to deep point where Jadeja pouched a very good sharp low catch.Venkatesh Iyer and Nitish Rana then got together and steadied the ship. The duo hit two fours and a six each as KKR reached 38/2 at the end of the Powerplay. Akash Singh bowled four overs straight up and finished with impressive figures of 4-0-29-1. Dhoni then introduced Moeen Ali into the attack and he struck off his first ball trapping Venkatesh Iyer LBW as he missed his slog sweep. Iyer reviewed it but the ball tracking system showed all three reds.Jason Roy who had injured himself while fielding then came out all guns blazing hitting three consecutive sixes off Moeen Ali. But Ravindra Jadeja made an impact straightaway as he had Rana caught at deep mid-wicket after being hit for a four off the previous ball. KKR hobbled to 76/4 at the halfway mark.Roy and Rinku Singh then pressed the accelerator button hammering a couple of sixes and a four off Jadeja. Roy took on Theekshana in the next over hitting a six and a four to make it 33 from two overs.Roy brought up his fifty off just 19 balls with a slashed four to third man off Pathirana. Roy cracked a couple offours off Theekshana but the Sri Lankan spinner bounced back hard to clean him up with a yorker on 6126.With the required run-rate touching almost 20 99 required from 30 Rinku and Andre Russell went after Tushar Deshpande and took 19 off the over including two fours and a six.Pathirana then got rid of Russell 9 off 6 as he mistimed one to deep mid-wicket of a slower ball. The Sri Lankan pacer bowled a brilliant over and gave away just eight including the wicket of Russell.Rinku Singh tried to put up a fight bringing up his fifty with a six off Pathirana but the equation was out of his reach as well as KKR fell short by 49 runs. Rinku Singh remained unbeaten on 53 off 33 balls with four sixes and three fours.Earlier Kolkata Knight Riders captain Nitish Rana won the toss and elected to bowl. They made three changes to the side as David Wiese N Jagadeesan and Suyash Sharma replaced Liton Das Mandeep Singh and Venkatesh Iyer. They named Anukul Roy Vaibhav Arora Liton Das Venkatesh Iyer and Mandeep Singh as their substitutes.CSK made one change to the starting XI as Ambati Rayudu replaced Akash Singh. They named Akash Singh Dwaine Pretorius Subhranshu Senapati Shaik Rashdeed and Rajvardhan Hangargekar as their substitutes.The CSK openers got the team off to a steady start. Devon Conway was the aggressor in chief as he hit some well-timed attractive shots. He flicked one over deep square leg for a six off David Wiese and lofted another six straight down the ground off Varun Chakaravarthy. He cracked two more fours off Wiese and in-between Ruturaj Gaikwad hit a top-edged six off Umesh Yadav.The boundary flow continued as Conway and Gaikwad hit a four and a six respectively off Khejroliya to take CSK to 59/0 at the end of the Powerplay.Gaikwad then played a couple of nicey placed shots for a four and a six. Nitish Sharma then brought Suyash Sharma into the attack and he finally broke the stand cleaning up Ruturaj Gaikwad with a fast googly. Conway and Rahane got together and kept the scoreboard ticking as the former brought up his fourth fifty in a row off 34 balls.KKR clawed their way back into the match a little bit as after two relatively quiet overs Charavarthy had the set Conway 56 off 40 caught at long off. The tide turned again as Shivam Dube got going straightaway as he hit a couple of sixes in the same over to take 14 off the over. Rahane then showed his class by flicking the first ball of Umesh Yadavs comeback over for a six scooping the next one for another six and then cracking a drive through covers for a four. Dube edged one wide of the keeper for a four accumulating 22 runs from the over.Dube and Rahane went on a stunning counter-attack and brought up the 50-run stand off just 16 balls. Rahane brought up his fifty off just 24 balls pulling one to deep square leg for a four off Andre Russell. Dube brought up his half-century off 20 balls with a six off Khejroliya but he departed next ball hitting one straight to long off. The momentum-changing partnership of 85 off just 32 balls was finally ended. Rahane though was unstoppable as he cracked a couple of sixes and a four off Chakaravarthy in the penultimate over and then Jadeja joined the party with two sixes in the last over from Khejroliya as CSK posted 235/4 from 20 overs. Ajinkya Rahane remained unbeaten on 71 off 29 with six fours and five sixes. KKR had earlier received a blow while fielding as Jason Roy had to walk off the field while trying to field a ball near the boundary line.CSK introduced their Impact Player Akash Singh replacing Ambati Rayudu at the start of their bowling innings.

Date 23 Apr 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 32 RCB Vs RR - Match Report


Royal Challengers Bangalore made it two wins in a row as they beat Rajasthan Royals by 7 runs in Match 32 of TATA IPL 2023 at the M Chinnaswamy Stadium in Bengaluru.Faf du Plessis authoritative 62 off 39 and Glenn Maxwells blockbuster 77 off 44 helped RCB post 189/9. Harshal Patel then roared back to form with a crucial spell of 3/32 as he held his nerve in the last over and defended 20 to win the match for RCB.Chasing 190 Rajasthan Royals didnt get off to the best of starts as they lost Jos Buttler off the fourth ball of the match cleaned up by Mohd. Siraj. Yashasvi Jaiswal then counter-attacked with four fours in three overs. And Devdutt Padikkal too chipped in with four well-placed fours. Jaiswal hit a huge 81m six off Maxwell as RR reached 41/1 at the end of the Powerplay.The duo kept the runs flowing hitting at least one boundary every over as they accumulated 51 runs off the next four overs to take RR to 92/1 at the halfway mark.Padikkal brought up his fifty off 30 balls but he departed soon as David Willey finally provided a crucial breakthrough having him caught at long on for 5234.RCB tightened things up and the pressure got to Jaiswal as he holed out in the deep for 4737 off a slower ball from Harshal Patel. RR could manage just 16/2 in the 11-14 over phase. Samson then finally released the pressure valve hitting a four and a six off Wanindu Hasaranga and then a four against Harshal Patel. But the RCB pacer hit back hard off the next ball having Samson caught at short third man for 2215 as the equation read 61 needed off 24 balls.Dhruv Jurel injected much-needed momentum as he hit two fours off Siraj and took 15 from the over. A topsy-turvy over followed as Jurel hit a six first ball off Willey but then a sensational direct-hit saw Suyash Prabhudessai run out the dangerman Shimron Hetmyer as the equation came down to 33 off 12. Siraj started off the penultimate over well giving away just five off the first four balls but then Jurel hit a flat six flicking one over long leg for a six. A quick couple off the last ball made it 13 off the over.With 20 needed off the last over Ashwin top-edged a slower delivery from Harshal Patel over the keeper for a streaky four off the first ball. Ashwin dug a yorker to the leg side off the next ball and scampered through for a couple as RCB missed a run out chance. Ashwin swiped the third ball wide of short fine leg for a four to bring the equation down to 10 needed off 3. Harshals slower finally worked as he had Ashwin caught at deep mid-wicket off a mistimed heave.RR sent Impact Player Abdul Basith at No 8. And he could take just a single off the pull off his first ball as the Bengaluru crowd roared. With 9 needed off the last ball Jurel cut one straight to point for a single as RCB won by seven runs. Jurel remained unbeaten on 34 off 16.
Earlier Rajasthan Royals won the toss and elected to bowl. They made one change to their starting line up as Devdutt Padikkal replaced Riyan Parag. They named Donavon Ferreira Murugan Ashwin Akash Vashisht KM Asif and Abdul Basith as their substitutes.Virat Kohli was again leading the Royal Challengers Bangalore side and they made two changes to the starting XI as David Willey and Vijaykumar Vyshak replaced Wayne Parnell and Harshal Patel. They named Harshal Patel Akash Deep Finn Allen Karn Sharma and Anuj Rawat as their substitutes.Rajasthan Royals got off to a brilliant start as Trent Boult trapped Virat Kohli LBW off the first ball of the innings. Kohli missed his flick off the inswinger and was trapped right in front. He didnt opt to review and rightly so as it was crashing onto middle and leg.Faf du Plessis took the attacking approach straightaway and got going with a couple of fours off Sandeep Sharma in the second over. But Boult came back to jolt RCB again as he had Shahbaz Ahmed caught at mid-wicket off a short ball. Maxwell arrived and got into the groove straightaway with a couple of fours off the Boult over.Du Plessis again took the attack to Sandeep cracking a couple of sixes and a four via some well-timed lofted shots as RCB accumulated 16 off the fourth over. Maxwell too continued to attack Boult and hit a couple of well-placed fours to third man. Aswhin was handed the ball in the last over of the powerplay and Maxwell went after him smacking a four and a six and taking 12 off the over as RCB reached 62/2 at the end of first six overs.RR pulled things back a little bit in the next three overs conceding 23 runs. Du Plessis and Maxwell then upped the scoring again as Du Plessis swung one to deep mid-wicket and cracked one over extra cover for a couple of fours and then Maxwell brought up his fifty off 27 balls in style with a thumping hit over long on off Holder as RCB reached 101/2 at the halfway mark.Maxwell smashed another six off Ashwin as the pair brought up the 100-run stand off just 55 balls. Du Plessis then brought up his fifty off 31 balls trickling one to fine leg for a four as the pair took 17 runs off Boults final over.The 127-run partnership was finally ended probably the only way it could have been as Yashasvi Jaiswal scored a brilliant direct hit from extra cover to send back du Plessis 62 off 39. The run out changed the momentum of the game.RCB lost two in two overs as Ashwin had Maxwell 77 off 44 caught at backward point off a reverse sweep. Holder bowled a tight over to build the pressure and it paid off as Chahal had Lomror caught at long off and Suyash Prabhudessai was run out via another brilliant piece of fielding from Jaiswal in the 17th over. RCB lost their way in the last six overs as some brilliant slog-overs bowling saw RR concede just 50 runs off the last 41 balls and pick up seven wickets to restrict the home side to 189/9.RCB introduced Harshal Patel as their Impact Player replacing Faf du Plessis at the start of their bowling innings.

Date 22 Apr 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 31 MI Vs PBKS - Match Report


Punjab Kings registered their fourth win of IPL 2023 as they beat Mumbai Indians in Match 31 at the Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai.Captain Sam Currans momentum-changing innings of 55 29 Harpreet Singhs attacking 4128 coupled with Jitesh Sharmas power-packed came of 257 powered PBKS to 214/8. Arshdeep Singh then bowled a splendid spell of 4/29 as PBKS survived Cameron Green 67 off 43 Suryakumar Yadav 57 off 26 and Tim David 25* off 13 blitzes to win the match by 13 runs.Chasing 215 Mumbai Indians were jolted early as Arshdeep Singh had Ishan Kishan brilliantly caught by Matthew Short at deep backward point.Rohit Sharma and Cameron Green then combined elegance with power to counter-attack and hit three sixes and four fours and take the score to 54/1 at the end of the Powerplay.After a couple of quiet overs Rohit lofted one straight down the ground for a six off Chahar and then paddled one to fine leg for a four as MI amassed 13 from the over.The 44-run stand was finally broken by Liam Livingstone as he had Rohit Sharma caught and bowled as MI reached 88/2 at the halfway mark. Suryakumar Yadav got into the groove quickly as he went on a boundary-hitting spree. He cracked a four off Chahar and then three fours in a row off Livingstone before smacking a six each off Ellis and Curran. Green then took the attacking approach hitting six and a four off Chahar as MI amassed 54 from the 12-15 overs phase.Green went after Ellis hitting him for a massive 108m six and a four wide of long off but the Australian pacer bounced back to dismiss Green 67 off 43 off a slower one caught at extra cover as he miscued one high in the air.Suryakumar then brought up his fifty off just 23 balls paddling one for four off Curran as MI took 14 runs off the 17th over. With 40 needed off 18 Tim David whipped one over deep square leg for a six off Arshdeep but the PBKS pacer got the huge wicket of Suryakumar Yadav 57 off 26 caught at mid-wicket. Arshdeep bounced back well in the over and gave away just 9. With 31 needed off 12 David smashed a monster 114m six off Ellis off the second ball of the over and there were four twos as well in the over as they took 15 from the penultimate over.With 16 needed off the last over Arsheep gave away just one off the first two balls. He then went on a stump-breaking spree cleaning up Tilak Varma and Impact Player Nehal Wadhera off consecutive balls breaking the middle stumps off both balls off cracking yorkers. He couldnt get his hat-trick but gave away just one off the next two as PBKS won the match by 13 runs.Arshdeep bowled a splendid last over conceding just two runs and picking up two wickets.Earlier Mumbai Indians captain Rohit Sharma won the toss and elected to bowl. The home team made one change to the starting XI as Jofra Archer replaced Nehal Wadhera. They named Nehal Wadhera Vishnu Vinod Ramandeep Singh Kumar Kartiyeya and Shams Mulani as their substitutes.Sam Curran was leading Punjab Kings again in place of the injured Shikhar Dhawan who still hadnt recovered. The away side made one change to the starting eleven as Prabhsimran Singh replaced Nathan Ellis. They named Nathan Ellis Mohit Rathee Sikandar Raza Rishi Dhawan and Gurnoor Brar as their substitutes.Mumbai Indians started off well and got the early wicket of Mattew Short in the third over. Arjun Tendulkar gave away just five in the first over. Short got things going with a couple of fours but Cameron Green made sure his innings was cut short as he had him caught at mid-wicket off a short ball. Prabhsimran Singh who has been in good form then got going with two sixes behind square leg off Behrendorff to take 16 off the fourth over. Atharva Taide also opened his boundary account with a six guiding one over third man off Jofra Archer. The duo hit a four each off Piyush Chawla in the last over of the powerplay to take the score to 58/1.With PBKS gaining some momentum Rohit Sharma brought back Arjun Tendulkar and the move worked as he dismissed Prabhsimran Singh LBW with a cracking yorker. The PBKS batter reviewed it but ball-tracking showed three reds. Chawla bowled a very good next over to Liam Livingstone and gave away just one run and then jolted the away side with two strikes in one over. He foxed Liam Livingstone darting one down the leg side - flatter and quicker as Livingstone charged down the track and Kishan pulled off a very good stumping as the ball was out of the reach of the batter and he was found well short. Two balls later he made Atharva Taide drag one onto the stumps off a googly as PBKS reached 83/4 at the halfway mark.Mumbai Indians largely kept it tight over the next four overs before Curran and Harpreet Singh hit 13 off Hrithik Shokeens 15th over. PBKS went on the attack from then on and the tables turned. Curran went after Arjun Tendulkar smacking a six straight down the ground and going for it again but getting an outside edge to third man for a streaky four. Harpreet Singh too joined the party as he hit a couple of fours and a six in the over to make it 31 runs off the over.Curran and Harpreet took 13 off the next over from Archer. Curran then cracked a couple off sixes off Green but the MI all-rounder bounced back to break the 91-run stand off 50 balls as he made Harpreet Singh 41 off 28 drag one onto the stumps. Jitesh Sharma came out all guns blazing to hit sixes off his first two balls as PBKS accumulated 25 runs from the penultimate over from Green.Captain Curran 55 off 29 crashed a couple of fours off Archer to bring up his third IPL fifty but Archer sent him back with a fiery short ball having him caught and bowled off the final ball of the over.Jitesh Sharma smacked two more sixes off Behrendorff in the final over before the left-arm pacer cleaned him up off the slower ball. Brar hit a four first ball but was run out off the last ball of the innings as PBKS posted a daunting 214/8. The away side hammered 96/4 in the last five overs.PBKS brought in Nathan Ellis as their Impact Player replacing Prabhsimran Singh at the start of their bowling innings.

Date 22 Apr 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 30 LSG Vs GT - Match Report


The Gujarat Titans GT were back to winning ways in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2023 after clinching a memorable 7-run victory over the Lucknow Super Giants LSG on Saturday at the Bharat Ratna Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee Ekana Cricket Stadium Lucknow.
Mohit Sharma successfully defended 12 runs in the final over in a comeback for the ages as Lucknow Super Giants fell 8 runs short of the target in the end.
Chasing 136 Lucknow Super Giants openers - KL Rahul and Kyle Mayers provided a positive start to the side. After playing out the first over of Mohd. Shami KL Rahul attacked the pacer in the second over of his spell to smash a hat-trick of boundaries.
The duo then welcomed Rashid Khan to the crease by smashing 16 runs in the fifth over as LSG moved to 53/0 at the end of powerplay. However Rashid Khan bounced back brilliantly and knocked the stumps of Kyle Mayers as the opener was dismissed for 24.
Krunal Pandya joined KL Rahul in the middle. The fall of wicket didnt obstruct the flow of runs for LSG who were moving smoothly in the chase as they reached 80/1 at the half-way mark.
The hundred was up for LSG in the 14th over as KL Rahul crossed his half-century. However Krunal Pandya was out stumped at the other end off Noor Ahmads bowling. The panic levels increased for the home side as they lost the wicket of Nicholas Pooran.
With 17 required off the final two overs GT took advantage of the pressure mounted on the LSG batters. Mohit Sharma dismissed KL Rahul and Marcus Stoinis in a dramatic turnaround for GT who clinched the game by 7 runs.
Earlier Gujarat Titans won the toss and opted to bat first. Debutant Noor Ahmad replaced Alzarri Joseph in the Playing eleven. Lucknow Super Giants found early success in the form of Shubman Gill who was caught by Ravi Bishnoi in the second over off Krunal Pandyas bowling.
LSG continued to keep things tight with the ball as GT reached 40/1 at the end of 6 overs. GT skipper Hardik Pandya joined forces with wicket-keeper batter Wriddhiman Saha who was playing his 150th match in IPL. Hardik Pandya injected momentum into the innings with his attacking strokes while Wriddhiman Saha kept the scoreboard ticking.
Krunal Pandya claimed his second wicket of the innings to put an end to Sahas 47-run knock. In the very next over Amit Mishra entered the wicket-taking party as Abhinav Manohar was caught in the deep. Naveen-ul-Haq then cleaned up Vijay Shankar to claim his maiden wicket in the IPL.
LSG controlled the flow of runs with their efficient bowling as GT reached 102/4 at the end of 17 overs. Captain Hardik Pandya reached his half-century and provided a perfect finishing act by attacking Bishnoi in the 18th over.
The GT skipper was finally dismissed in the last over of the innings bowled by Marcus Stoinis who picked two wickets as GT eventually ended up setting a target of 136 for LSG.
Brief Scores Gujarat Titans 135/6 Hardik Pandya 66 Wriddhiman Saha 47 Krunal Pandya 2/16 beat Lucknow Super Giants 128/7 KL Rahul 68 Kyle Mayers 24 Mohit Sharma 2/17.

Date 21 Apr 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 29 CSK vs SRH - Match Report


The Chennai Super Kings CSK continued their impressive winning run in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2023 with a 7-wicket victory over the Sunrisers Hyderabad SRH on Friday at the MA Chidambaram Stadium Chennai.
Devon Conways fearless 77* and Ravindra Jadejas magnificent spell guided Chennai Super Kings to a convincing win at home.
Chasing 135 to win CSK openers - Ruturaj Gaikwad and Devon Conway were off to a spectacular start with the bat and released pressure straightaway. The duo made an optimum use of the field restrictions and produced 23 runs off the final over of the powerplay as they moved to 60/0.
Both the openers complimented each other very well and the Chennai Super Kings were cruising in the chase. Devon Conway reached his half century off just 34 deliveries as the home side were 86/0 at the halfway mark.
SRH finally produced a breakthrough in one of the most unusual ways as Gaikwad was run-out at the non-strikers end after the ball touched Umran Maliks hand in his followthrough. The visitors didnt give up as Mayank Markande claimed the wickets of Ajinkya Rahane and impact player Ambati Rayudu in no time.
However Conway remained unbeaten in the end and finished the job for CSK who completed a clincal victory by 7 wickets.
Earlier Chennai Super Kings won the toss and opted to bowl first. Sunrisers Hyderabad openers - Harry Brook and Abhishek Sharma provided a steady start to the side.
SRH were 34/0 after 4 overs before Ruturaj Gaikwad plucked Harry Brook’s catch inside the covers off Akash Singh’s bowling. Abhishek Sharma finished the powerplay on a high note with a wonderful drive over extra cover for boundary.
Rahul Tripathi joined hands with opener Abhishek Sharma and stitched a fine partnership but Ravindra Jadeja and CSK found success near the halfway mark of the innings. Ajinkya Rahane grabbed a sharp catch to dismiss Abhishek Sharma for 37.
Captain Aiden Markram walked to the crease and got going straightaway with the well-set Tripathi at the other end. Unfortunately for SRH Tripathi top-edged a Jadeja delivery in an attempt to sweep the spinner only to find Akash Singh at short fine leg.
The wickets fell in regular intervals for the visitors as they lost the wickets of Markram and Mayank Agarwal in quick succession. While the SRH skipper was caught behind off Maheesh Theekshana Agarwal was out stumped against Jadeja. 
SRH were placed at 106-5 with 4 overs to go as another excellent catch from Ruturaj Gaikwad produced another wicket in the form of Heinrich Klaasen. Captain MS Dhoni wrapped things in style with a perfect direct-hit as SRH finished with a first-innings total of 134/7
Brief Scores Chennai Super Kings Devon Conway 77* Ruturaj Gaikwad 35 Mayank Markande 2/23 beat Sunrisers Hyderabad 134/7 Abhishek Sharma 34 Ravindra Jadeja 3/22 by 7 wickets.

Date 20 Apr 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 28 DC vs KKR - Match Report


Delhi Capitals finally got off the mark on the points table after five losses as they beat Kolkata Knight Riders in Match 28 of TATA IPL 2023 at the Arun Jaitley Stadium in Delhi.A collective bowling performance where four bowlers picked up two wickets each helped DC bowl KKR out for 127. David Warner then led from the front with the bat with 57 off 41 and Axar Patel played a crucial knock of 19* off 22 to hold his nerve and take DC past the finish line after KKR had fought back hard to take the match down the wire.Chasing 128 David Warner and Prithvi Shaw set the tone early as the pair hit six fours in the first three overs. The duo hit three fours in the second over from Kulwant Khejroliya and then Warner hit two off Russell. Warner was the attacker in chief with five fours. KKR then introduced spin early and the move worked as Narine gave away just three from his first over and then Varun Chakravarthy struck the first blow by having Shaw drag one onto the stumps on 1311.Warner then went after Narine in the last over of the Powerplay cracking four fours in the over to take 17 runs off it as DC reached 61/1 at the end of the Powerplay. KKR then fought back and picked up two quick wickets to peg DC back. Rana removed Mitchell Marsh for 2 and then Anukul Roy had Phil Salt caught and bowled as things slowed down. DC reached 73/3 at the halfway mark. Warner and Pandey then released the pressure hitting a couple of fours off Anukul as Warner brought up his fifty off 33 balls.With 35 needed off 42 balls Chakaravarthy trapped Warner 57 off 41 LBW as he missed his reverse sweep. The KKR spinner bowled a wicket maiden with the equation reading 35 needed off 36.Manish Pandey and Axar Patel released the pressure with two fours off Narine. With 18 needed off 26 Manish Padey 21 off 23 departed trying to clear long on as he mistimed one to the fielder off Anukul Roy. KKR got another one in the over as Nitish Rana cleaned up Aman Khan with a beauty. Rana gave away just three runs in that over.KKR then missed a huge opportunity as Liton Das missed the stumping of Lalit Yadav off Varun Chakaravarthy. He bowled an excellent over and gave away just three to bring the equation to 12 needed off 12.DC took 5 runs off the penultimate over from Rana. With 7 needed off the last over Rana handed the ball to Kulwant Khejroliya. Axar got a couple off the first ball courtesy a misfield at short fine leg which brought DC the extra run. He then flicked the next one to deep mid-wicket and scampered through for another two. It was a no ball as Khejroliya had overstepped. With 2 needed off 5 Axar flicked a full toss to deep mid-wicket off the Free-Hit and took another couple to cross the finish line. Axar Patel played a crucial knock of 19* off 22 balls to make sure Delhi got their first win of the season.Earlier Delhi Capitals captain David Warner won the toss and elected to bowl. They made three changes to the starting eleven as Phil Salt Mukesh Kumar and Ishant Sharma replaced Mustafizur Rahman Yash Dhull and Abishek Porel. They named Prithvi Shaw Yash Dhull Sarfaraz Khan Ripal Patel and Chetan Sakariya as their substitutes.Kolkata Knight Riders made four changes to their starting eleven as Jason Roy Litton Das Mandeep Singh and Kulwant Khejroliya replaced Rahmanullah Gurbaz Lockie Ferguson N Jagadeesan and Shardul Thakur. They named Suyash Sharma Anukul Roy Vaibhav Arora N Jagadeesan and David Wiese as their substitutes.Mukesh Kumar provided Delhi Capitals the early breakthrough as he had Litton Das caught at square leg off a short delivery in the second over. Jason Roy had started off well with two thumping fours off Kumar in that over but the DC pacer bounced back to get Das in the same over.Anrich Nortje then sent back the in-form Venkatesh Iyer caught at first slip in the next over to dent KKR. Mukesh Kumar then bowled a tight over and gave away just two and was in action again in the next over pulling off a very good running catch at mid on to send back Nitish Rana as Ishant Sharma picked up his first wicket of IPL 2023.KKR trudged to 35/3 at the end of the Powerplay.Jason Roy then got a lifeline as Mitchell Marsh dropped a caught and bowled but KKR lost their fourth wicket in the next over as Axar Patel cleaned up Mandeep Singh who shuffled across and tried to scoop one but missed it completely. KKR reached 64/4 at the end of 10 overs.Axar then got the huge wicket of the in-form Rinku Singh 6 off 8 who slog swept it straight into the hands of Lalit Yadav at deep square leg. The wickets kept falling as Sunil Narine pulled one straight to David Warner off Ishant Sharma in the next over. Ishant finished off with a brilliant spell of 4-0-19-2.DC then introduced Prithvi Shaw as their Impact Player replacing Ishant.With the run rate below six Roy and Russell tried to up the scoring as Russell smacked a six over deep mid-wicket while Roy cracked a four through backward point as the pair accumulated 15 off the 14th over. But Kuldeep Yadav rocked KKR with two wickets in two balls as he had Roy caught at deep backward square leg and trapped Anukul Roy LBW off the next ball to reduce KKR to 93/8. Another one followed back in the pavilion as Umesh Yadav spooned one back to Anrich Nortje in the next over.Andre Russell then farmed the strike with Varun Chakaravarthy and added crucial runs as he smashed three consecutive sixes off Mukesh Kumar in the last over to take KKR to a respectable 127. He remained unbeaten on 38 off 31 balls as he added 31 for the last wicket with Chakaravarthy.

Date 20 Apr 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 27 RCB Vs PBKS - Match Report


Royal Challengers Bangalore got back to winning ways after the defeat against Chennai Super Kings to beat Punjab Kings in Match 27 of TATA IPL 2023 at the Punjab Cricket Association IS Bindra Stadium in Mohali.Composed half-centuries from Virat Kohli 59 off 47 and Faf du Plessis 84 off 56 propelled RCB to a competitive 174/4. Mohd. Siraj then produced his career-best IPL figures 4/24 and pulled off a brilliant run out as RCB survived late fight from Jitesh Sharma 41 off 27 to bowl PBKS out for 150 and win the match by 24 runs.Chasing 175 PBKS got off to a stuttering start. They received an early blow as they lost opener Atharva Taide off the second ball of the innings. He started off with a four flicking one off Siraj through square leg but missed the second inswinger and was hit on the pads. The umpire turned down the LBW appeal but RCB opted to review and replays showed it was hitting middle and leg - three reds. The decision was overturned and Taide had to walk back.Matthew Short showed early signs of aggression as he thumped a six and a four off Wayne Parnell in the second over. Kohli introduced spin early in the third over and the move worked as Wanindu Hasaranga cleaned up Short 8 off 7 who went for a swing across the line by charging down the track first ball but missed it completely.Kohli then brought back Siraj again and another of his bowling moves worked as the pacer trapped Liam Livingstone LBW. Livingstone came down the track and missed his swing across the line. The umpire turned down the appeal but Kohli went for the review and replays showed three reds again. It was another excellent review from RCB.Siraj was in action again as he pulled off a brilliant direct hit from mid off to run out Harpreet Singh. PBKS did hit a few fours and sixes but they had lost four wickets inside the Powerplay as they reached 49/4 at the end of six overs.Prabhsimran Singh who held fort at one end and kept the scoreboard ticking then released some pressure as he cracked a couple of sixes off Hasaranga. The Sri Lankan all-rounder though pulled off a brilliant direct-hit run out of Sam Curran in the next over via a powerful throw at the non-strikers end. PBKS reached 77/5 at the halfway mark. Jitesh Sharma came out and went on the attack straightaway hitting a four and a six off Harshal and in between he was given out LBW but he reviewed it and replays showed it was missing leg.Prabhsimran hit his fourth six of the innings swiping one over fine leg off Parnell. But the RCB all-rounder gave a perfect reply next ball as he knocked down Prabhsimrans 46 off 30 off stump. Shahrukh Khan got off the mark with a huge six off Parnell but couldnt last long as he was stumped off a googly from Hasaraga in the next over.With 61 needed off 36 Jitesh Sharma went on the attack hitting a six off Hasaranga and then a four and six off Vyshak to bring the equation down to 37 off 24. Jitesh received a lifeline in the next over as he mistimed one to long on where Kohli dropped a tough catch as two fielders converged and nearly collided to take the catch. Harshal bowled an excellent over and gave away just seven as the equation read 30 needed from 18 balls.Siraj then came back and knocked down the stumps of Harpreet Brar 13 off 13 and Nathan Ellis 1 off 2 to finish his best figures in IPL - 4-0-21-4. With 26 needed off 12 Harshal brought Jitesh Sharmas fighting innings of 4127 to end as he had him caught at backward point off a slower one as RCB won the match by 24 runs.Earlier Punjab Kings captain Sam Curran who was still leading the side in absence of the injured Shikhar Dhawan who hadnt recovered won the toss and elected to bowl. They made two changes to their starting XI as Liam Livingstone and Nathan Ellis replaced Sikandar Raza and Kagiso Rabada. They named Prabhsimran Singh Sikandar Raza Mohit Rathee Rishi Dhawan and Shivam Singh as their substitutes.Virat Kohli was leading RCB given that Faf du Plessis potentially couldn’t field because of his rib injury. They made one change to their starting eleven as Suyash Prabhudessai replaced Vyshak. They named Vijaykumar Vyshak David Willey Akash Deep Karn Sharma and Anuj Rawat as their substitutes.Virat Kohli and Faf du Plessis got RCB off to a steady start. Kohli was the aggressor to start off as he hit three fours in the first three overs. Du Plesss then opened up as he cracked a couple of sixes off Harpreet Brar as the pair took 17 runs off the fourth over. The duo found gaps with ease with well-placed shots to hit three more fours and bring up another fifty-run stand as RCB reached 59/0 at the end of the Powerplay. Kohli and du Plessis played the short ball well and hit boundaries off it without taking too much of a risk.Things slowed down a bit after the powerplay and it was Faf du Plessis taking the aggressors mantle hitting a six and a couple of fours in the 6-10 over phase and bringing up his fifty off 31 balls. RCB reached 91/0 at the halfway mark.The duo brought up the 100-run stand off 70 balls but the boundaries werent flowing as they went boundary-less for 18 balls. Kohli finally broke the shackles and thumped one wide of long off for a four off Arshdeep to bring up his fifty off 40 balls. He then cracked a six over wide long off off Nathan Ellis.Curran bowled an excellent 16th over and could have had the wicket of du Plessis but keeper Jitesh Sharma dropped a tough high catch off a top edge but he made amends in the next over as he plucked a splendid catch diving to his left off Harpreet Brar to dismiss Virat Kohli for 5947.Brar struck a huge blow off the next ball as he had Maxwell caught at point trying to go for a big one but miscuing it completely. Faf du Plessis then tried to inject the momentum with a couple of sixes but Nathan Ellis bounced back hard after being hit for a six off the previous ball to have the RCB opener caught at long off for 84 56 off a smart slower delivery.Karthik and Lomror hit a four each off Arshdeep in the penultimate over from Arshdeep Singh but the left-arm pacer finished well with the wicket of Karthik off the last ball. Curran bowled a good last over to give away 11 runs as PBKS restricted RCB to 174/4.PBKS pulled back things really well as RCB were 137/0 from 16 overs. They gave away just 37 in the last four overs and picked up four wickets.The two teams introduced their Impact Players at the start of the second innings. Prabhsimran Singh replaced Rahul Chahar and walked out to open the batting for PBKS while Vijaykumar Vyshak replaced Faf du Plessis for RCB.

Date 19 Apr 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 26 RR vs LSG - Match Report


Lucknow Super Giants bounced back after the defeat against Punjab Kings to beat the in-form Rajasthan Royals in Match 26 of TATA IPL 2023 at the Sawai Mansingh Stadium in Jaipur.Kyle Mayers composed knock of 5142 coupled with late bursts from Marcus Stoinis 21 off 16 and Nicholas Pooran 29 off 20 helped LSG post 154/7. A disciplined performance from the bowlers led by Avesh Khan 3/28 saw the away side choke the RR batters maintain the stranglehold hold their nerve and restrict LSG to 144/6 to win the match by 10 runs.Chasing 155 Jos Buttler and Yashasvi Jaiswal provided RR a steady start. Jaiswal got into the groove early and smacked a four and a six in the second over from Yudhvir Singh which saw him bowl five WIDES as well and concede 16 off the second over. Buttler then got going as he cracked a 112m six off Yudhvir. The pair went after Avesh Khan hitting him for three fours to make the most of the last over of the Powerplay as RR reached 47/0.LSG introduced Amit Mishra as their Impact Player in the 9th over replacing Kyle Mayers.Buttler and Jaiswal took a patient approach hitting an odd four in an over as RR moved at around seven-and-a-half an over. LSG then clawed their way back into the match with three quick wickets. Jaiswal thumped a six over mid-wicket off Stoinis in the 12th over but the LSG all-rounder hit back to dismiss Jaiswal two balls later as he had Jaiswal caught at short third man. RR lost their captain Sanju Samson as he was run out following a bit of a confusion with Buttler while trying to go for a quick single.RR lost three wickets in three overs as Buttler mistimed his heave off Stoinis straight into the hands of Ravi Bishnoi at deep mid-wicket on 4041.Things slowed down. Naveen-ul-Haq gave away just five as the required rate crept over 10 an over. The pressure got to the in-form Shimron Hetmyer 2 off 5 as he holed out to long on off Avesh Khan in the 16th over. With 42 needed off 18 Impact Player Devdutt Padikkal hit three fours in an over off Stoinis to bring the equation down to 29 needed off 12.Naveen-ul-Haq started off the penultimate over well giving away three singles off three balls but then Riyan Parag swung the next one over deep mid-wicket for a six. The Afghanistan pacer though finished well giving just one off the last two balls.With 19 needed off six Riyan Parag cracked the first ball of the final over from Avesh Khan over backward point for a four. Parag went for a heave next ball but missed and ran through for a leg bye. Avesh then provided a crucial moment as he had Padikkal 26 off 21 caught behind off the next ball as the equation came down to 14 off 3. Deepak Hooda then pulled off a brilliant catch under pressure of Dhruv Jurel at the long on fence as Avesh Khan scalped two wickets in two balls. The last two balls brought just three as LSG won the match by 10 runs. It was an excellent final over from Avesh as he gave away just 8 runs and picked up two wickets.Earlier Rajasthan Royals captain Sanju Samson won the toss and elected to bowl. They made one change to the starting XI as Jason Holder replaced Adam Zampa. They named Devdutt Padikkal Murugan Ashwin Joe Root Donovan Ferreira and Navdeep Saini as their substitutes.Lucknow Super Giants made one change to the starting eleven as Naveen-ul-Haq replaced Mark Wood. They named Jaydev Unadkat K Gowtham Daniel Sams Prerak Mankad and Amit Mishra as their substitutes.Trent Boult was on target right from the start as he bowled disciplined lines and got a hint of movement. KL Rahul was cautious in the first over and played out a maiden. Kyle Mayers opened RRs account in the next over as he got an outside edge off Sandeep Sharma to third man for a four. Rahul opened his boundary account in the same over cracking one through point for a four as LSG took 12 from the over. Boult again bowled an impressive over and bowled five dots giving away just two runs.RR could have had their first wicket in the next over but Yashasvi Jaiswal dropped KL Rahul at extra cover off Sandeep Sharma when on six. He had a chance to make amends four deliveries later as he put in a brilliant fielding effort but missed the direct hit at the non-strikers end. Had he hit Rahul would have been found short. Sandeep made a good comeback and gave away just four runs.Mayers and Rahul finally looked to break free as Mayers cracked a six over extra cover off Boult. Rahul slashed at one and got an outside edge wide of the keeper for a four. He then got another reprieve as Holder dropped a tough catch running back at mid off. R Ashwin bowled the last over of the Powerplay and gave away just six runs as LSG reached 37/0 at the end of the first six over.After another quiet over Mayers and Rahul switched gears as Mayers cracked a six over long off to bring up LSGs fifty and Rahul hit a four over mid-wicket. The pair took the attack to Chahal in the next over hitting a couple of sixes and a four to accumulate 18 runs off the over. They couldnt get the better of Ashwin though who varied his pace and lengths really well and gave away just five in the next over. Holder gave away three singles off the first three balls of the next over. A nine-ball boundaryless phase built the pressure and Holder was rewarded with it as he had Rahul 39 caught at long on.LSG sent Ayush Badoni up the order but he couldnt create an impact as Boult returned to clean him up for 14. Badoni walked way across and looked to scoop but ended up getting a bottom edge onto the stumps. Boult finished a splendid spell of 4-1-16-1.Mayers hammered a couple of fours off Chahal in the next over and brought up his fifty off 40 balls.But LSG Lost another wicket in the next over as the excellent Ashwin had him brilliantly caught at deep square leg by Shimron Hetmyer. The RR all-rounder had another one in the over a big one as he cleaned up Mayers 51 off 42 with a beauty.The boundaries dried up again as Chahal conceded just five in his last over and Holder gave away six in the next over.RR brought in Devdutt Padikkal as their Impact Player in the 16th over replacing Chahal who had completed his quota of overs.Stoinis did hit a four in the next over from Sandeep Sharma but the bowler bounced back well to concede just four runs off the remaining five balls. Ashwin finished off a brilliant spell 4-0-23-2 by giving away just six off his last over. LSG could manage just 31/2 in the 14-18 over phase.Pooran finally injected some momentum hammering a couple of fours and a six to take 17 off the penultimate over. The away side though couldnt finish well as they lost three wickets including two run outs and scored just 8 off the last over from Sandeep Sharma to post 154/7.

Date 18 Apr 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 25 SRH Vs MI - Match Report


Mumbai Indians made it a hat-trick of wins as they beat Sunrisers Hyderabad in Match 25 of TATA IPL 2023 at the Rajiv Gandhi International Stadium in Hyderabad.Cameron Green 64 off 40 starred with the bat with his maiden IPL fifty ably supported by Ishan Kishan 38 off 31 and Tilak Varma 37 off 17 as MI posted a competitive 192/5. Jason Behrendorff then set the platform with two early wickets as a collective bowling effort saw MI bowl SRH out for 178 and win the match by 14 runs. Chasing 193 SRH were jolted early as Jason Behrendorff sent back the in-form Harry Brook 9 off 7 in the second over. Brook was looking in good touch having cracked a couple of fours including one off the previous delivery but Behrendorff hit back hard to bounce out the England batter off the next ball. The Australian pacer came back to have Rahul Tripathi caught behind in his next over to reduce SRH to 25/2.MI bowled with discipline and conceded just four fours and a six in the Powerplay to restrict the home team to 42/2 in the first six overs.Mayank Agarwal and Aiden Markram got a move on with a couple of fours and a six but first-innings hero Green struck a huge blow having Markram 22 off 17 caught at deep mid-wicket while trying to accelerate. One brought two as Piyush Chawla had Abhishek Sharma caught at long off off a googly in the next over as SRH reached 76/4 at the end of 10 overs.Agarwal and Heinrich Klassen then got together and hit an odd four every over before Klaasen went after Chawla and hit him for 4 6 6 4. But the experienced spinner bounced back hard to have him caught at long on off the next ball for 3616. The equation came down to 66 needed off 36. SRH sent in their Impact Player Abdul Samad at No.7.Meredith then bowled an excellent over as he sent back the set Agarwal 48 off 41 caught at long on and gave away just six runs. Jansen hit two fours in the next over from Green to make it 10 off the over. Jansen then hit a four off Meredith but the Australian pacer sent him back next ball to provide a crucial breakthrough and give away just seven from the over.With 43 needed off 18 Washington Sundar hit a couple of fours off Behrendorff and then Behrendorff conceded five WIDES. But a moment of brilliance from Tim David saw him run out Washington before Bhuvneshwar Kumar hit the final ball of the roller-coaster over for a four to make it 19 off it.With 24 needed off 12 Green bowled a superb over conceding just four runs to bring the equation down to 20 needed off the last over.Rohit Sharma handed the ball to Arjun Tendulkar to bowl the last over. And the youngster held his nerve nailed his yorkers picked up his maiden IPL wicket that of Bhuvneshwar and conceded just five runs in a superb last over as SRH were bowled out for 178.Earlier Sunrisers Hyderabad captain Aiden Markram won the toss and elected to bowl. They made one change to the starting XI as Washington Sundar replaced Umran Malik. They named Abdul Samad Vivrant Sharma Glenn Phillips Mayank Dagar and Umran Malik as their substitutes.Mumbai Indians made two changes to the starting eleven as Rohit Sharma and Jason Behrendorff replaced Duan Jansen and Riley Meredith. They named Riley Meredith Ramandeep Singh Kumar Kartikeya Shams Mulani and Vishnu Vinod as their substitutes.Rohit Sharma and Ishan Kishan provided early momentum to the Mumbai Indians but they lost the captain inside the Powerplay. Rohit charged down the track and thumped one over cover off Bhuvneshwar Kumars final ball of the first over to open Mumbai Indians boundary account. Ishan Kishan hit the first six of the innings as he pulled one over fine leg off Marco Jansen in the next over.SRH introduced spin early and Rohit welcomed Washington Sundar with three fours off the first three balls two fours behind square on the leg side and one behind square on the off side. Kishan hit a four off Jansen in the next over but the SRH all-rounder bowled a pretty good over overall as he conceded just five in the over.Rohit took on T Natarajan in the next over hitting him for two fours but the pacer bounced back hard and had Rohit 28 off 18 caught at mid off off a leading edge. Ishan Kishan brought up MIs fifty with a cracking six over deep mid-wicket off Bhuvneshwar as the home side reached 53/1 at the end of the Powerplay.The spinners slowed things down post the Powerplay and MI went without a boundary for 18 balls. Cameron Green finally broke the shackles by charging down to Washington and smacking one over long on for a six. Kishan too upped his scoring hitting a couple of powerful fours off Mayank Markande as MI reached 80/1 at the halfway mark.SRH clawed back after the halfway mark. Natarajan bowled a very good over giving away just seven runs which included Jansen putting in a fantastic effort near the boundary rope to pull off a catch and then throw it back on the field and save four runs. He then came back to bowl and then sent back Ishan Kishan 38 off 31 courtesy a very well judged catch by Aiden Markram. Suryakumar Yadav whipped a six off Jansen off his second ball but departed off the next as Markram pulled off another brilliant catch at mid off as Jansen picked up two wickets in the over. Green and Tilak Varma injected some momentum in the innings hammering a couple of fours and sixes off the next over from Jansen to make it 21-run over. Varma went after Markande hitting a four and a six to accumulate 14 runs off it. The duo brought up the 50-run stand off just 27 balls. Bhuvneshwar then struck at a crucial juncture to break the partnership by having Tilak Varma 3717 caught at deep point.Green though kept the momentum going as he took on Natarajan and smacked three fours and a six to crack 20 runs off the over and bring up his maiden IPL fifty off 33 balls. Bhuvneshwar bowled another fantastic over to give away just 6 in the penultimate over but Green and Tim David finished well with 14 off the last over from Natarajan to propel MI to 192/5. Green remained unbeaten on 6440.Mumbai Indians brought on Riley Meredith as their Impact Player replacing Tilak Varma during their bowling innings.

Date 17 Apr 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 24 RCB Vs CSK - Match Report


Chennai Super Kings got back to winning ways after the defeat against Rajasthan Royals to beat Royal Challengers Bangalore in a tense finish in Match 24 of TATA IPL 2023 at the M Chinnaswamy Stadium in Bengaluru.Attacking fifties from Devon Conway 83 off 45 and Shivam Dube 52 off 27 powered CSK to 226/6. The CSK bowlers then held their nerve and survived Glenn Maxwell 76 off 36 and Faf Du Plessis 62 off 33 blitzes to win the game by 8 runs in yet another thriller.Chasing 227 RCB copped a huge early blow as they lost Virat Kohli who dragged one onto the stumps off Impact Player Akash Singh. He looked to swing one to the leg side but got an inside edge onto the pads and the ball then trickled onto the stumps. Akash could have had two wickets in the over but Maheesh Theekshana cropped Mahipal Lomror at mid off. Lomror though couldnt make the most of the lifeline as he departed in the next over miscuing one off Tushar Deshpande to backward point without adding any runs to his tally.RCB though went on the counter-attack despite the loss of two wickets as Glen Maxwell got into the groove early by smacking two sixes off Akash Singh in the third over and Faf du Plessis too got going with three fours and three sixes as they amassed 47 from three overs and reach 75/2 at the end of Powerplay.Jadeja brought some calm for CSK with just six runs in his first over. Maxwell though sort of made it up in the next two overs cracking a four and two sixes to make it 24 off two overs. Du Plessis then brought up his fifty off 23 balls. Maxwell brought up his fifty off 24 balls in style with two fours in a row off Pathirana which was followed by a massive 94m six over deep square leg as RCB reached 121/2 at the end of 10 overs.Theekshana had the chance to break the partnership in the next over but he dropped a tough caught and bowled chance of Du Plessis when on 52.Theekshana made up for it as he had the big wicket of Maxwell in his next over. The Australian batter 76 off 36 went for a swipe across the line but got a top edge high in the sky and Dhoni pouched a very good catch.Moeen Ali then provided another big moment as he bounced back hard to dismiss Faf du Plessis 62 off 33 after being hit for two sixes in the over. Dhoni accepted another skier calmly as the equation came down to 68 needed off 6 overs.Dinesh Karthik then took over the mantle and thumped three fours and a six. In between there was drama as he was dropped by Gaikwad but two deliveries later Theekshana made sure he didnt make any mistake as Deshpande sent back Karthik on 284.RCB sent Suyash Prabhudessai as their Impact Player replacing Siraj.With 35 needed off 18 Pathirana struck off the first ball of the 18th over having Shahbaz 2 off 10 balls caught at long off. He bowled an excellent over giving away just four runs to bring the equation to 31 off 12.The pressure was mounting and Deshpande dismissed Parnell after bowling a WIDE off the first ball of the penultimate over. With 28 needed off 9 Prabhudessai smashed a six over deep mid-wicket and then scampered for a couple off the next. The last ball brought just a single as they took 12 off the over.With 19 required off the last over Pathirana gave away just two singles off the first two balls but then Prabhudessai unleashed a reverse scoop over third man for a six to bring it down to 11 needed off three. Pathirana responded with an excellent yorker which was a dot. With 11 needed off 2 Pathirana bowled another excellent slower ball which Prabhudessai swiped one to long on for a couple and with 9 needed off the last ball another slower one had Prabhudessai 19 off 11 caught at deep mid-wicket as CSK won by 8 runs.Earlier Royal Challengers Bangalore captain Faf du Plessis won the toss and elected to bowl. They went unchanged with their starting XI. They named Suyash Prabhudessai David Willey Akash deep Karn Sharma and Anuj Rawat as their substitutes.Chennai Super Kings made two changes to the starting eleven as Ambati Rayudu and Matheesha Pathirana replaced Akash Singh and Sisanda Magala. They named Akash Singh Dwayne Pretorius Subhranshu Senapati Shaik Rasheed and Rajvardhan Hangargekar as their substitutes.The in-form Mohd. Siraj started off well for RCB and got the wicket of Ruturaj Gaikwad early. He bowled a tight first over and gave away just three which included beating the inside edge of Devon Conway. Conway then got going with a four and a six off Wayne Parnell. Siraj who was bowling with good rhythm then had Gaikwad 3 off 6 balls caught at fine leg in his next over to jolt CSK early. Parnell came back to bowl a decent over and give away just six.Conway and Rahane took the attack to Vijaykumar Vyshak in the next over hitting him for a four and a six with Rahane smacking that six on the roof as they accumulated 13 runs from the over. Rahane who was looking to take the aggressive right from the start went after Parnell in the next over hammering two fours and a six to make it 15 off the over as CSK reached 53/1 at the end of the Powerplay.Faf du Plessis introduced spin into the attack with Maxwell coming on after the Powerplay. Conway made it into a good over smacking a six down the ground and taking 9 runs off it.The boundary flow continued as Rahane and Conway brought up the 50-run stand. Hasaranga finally broke the 74-run stand by cleaning up Rahane 37 off 20 with a brilliant googly.Conway then brought up his fifty off 32 balls his fifth in the IPL as CSK reached 97/2 at the halfway mark. The CSK opener got together with Shivam Dube and went berserk to hit 68 off the next five overs including six sixes and four fours. The duo brought up the fifty-run stand off just 26 balls and continued to deal mainly in sixes.Harshal Patel finally broke the 80-run stand off 37 balls as he cleaned up Conway 83 off 45 with a brilliant slower-ball yorker. Dube cracked another six off Parnell to bring up his fifty off just 25 balls. Parnell though bounced back two balls later to have Dube 52 off 27 caught smartly in the deep by Siraj.Moeen Ali and Ambati Rayudu continued the momentum smashing a quick-fire 20 off 7 balls before Rayudu 14 off 6 departed top-edging a slower delivery to the keeper off Vyshak. Moeen Ali 19* off 9 balls and Ravindra Jadeja 10 off 8 balls provided the final flourish to propel CSK to 226/6. CSK aced all three phases of the innings but they were particularly brilliant in the middle overs 7-15 smashing 112/1.CSK introduced Akash Singh as their Impact Player replacing Ambati Rayudu at the start of the second innings.

Date 16 Apr 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 23 GT vs RR - Match Report


Rajasthan Royals made it four wins from five matches to move to the top of the table as they beat Gujarat Titans in Match 23 of TATA IPL 2023 at the Narendra Modi Stadium in Ahmedabad.Spectacular half-centuries from Sanju Samson 60 off 32 and Shimron Hetmyer 56* off 26 helped RR pull off a stunning chase against the Titans after Shubman Gills opening act of 4534 and David Millers finishing act of 4630 had propelled GT to a competitive 177/7.Chasing 178 RR got off to a stuttering start as they lost Yashasvi Jaiswal early caught at slip off Hardik Pandya in the second over. Mohd Shami then struck a huge blow as he cleaned up the in-form Jos Buttler who shuffled way across and went for a scoop but missed it completely. It was high quality pace bowling from Shami and Pandya that rocked RR early.Padikkal then looked to counter attack as he hit two sixes and a four but in between he got lucky as he was dropped on 13 by Shubman Gill at slip off Shami. RR trudged to 26/2 at the end of Powerplay.Samson and Padikkal looked to up the scoring with a six and a couple of fours but then Rashid Khan arrived and sent back Padikkal 26 off 25 off just the third ball of his spell. He struck again in his next over dismissing Riyan Parag 5 off 7 as he mistimed one to long off where Miller pouched a good low catch. The runs dried up again as RR reached 53/3 at the end of 10 overs.GT introduced debutant Noor Ahmad as their Impact Player in the 13th over replacing Shubman Gill.Samson then upped the ante big time as he went after Rashid Khan hitting him for four sixes including three consecutive maximums in one over. Hetmyer joined the party swinging one over deep backward square leg for a six off Joseph and then for a four over mid-wicket. Samson brought up his fifty off 29 balls his 19th in the IPL and then went after Noor Ahmad hammering a six and a four but it was the debutant and Impact Player who had the last laugh as he had Samson caught at long off for 6032 off the next ball.Hetmyer and Dhruv Jurel kept the runs flowing as they accumulated 20 runs off the Joseph over to bring the equation down to 44 off 24. Noor Ahmad conceded a four off the first ball of the next over but finished well conceding a total of just 8 runs.Hetmyer smashed a six and a four off Rashid in the next over as RR accumulated 13 from the over. With 23 needed from 12 Jurel smacked the first ball of the penultimate over from Shami for a six straight down the ground. But Shami bounced back the next ball to have him caught at fine leg for 1810 off a short ball. R Ashwin arrived at the crease and got off the mark in style slashing one through point for four and then pulled one over deep mid-wicket for a six to bring the equation down to 7 off 8. He however ended up hitting the next one uppishly straight to backward point. Boult swung and missed at the last ball of the 19th over.Hardik handed the ball to debutant Noor to bowl the final over. But it was Hetmyer who came out on top as he took a two off the first ball and then smacked the next one for a six over deep mid-wicket to win it for RR.Earlier Rajasthan Royals captain Sanju Samson won the toss and elected to bowl. They made three changes to their starting XI as Riyan Parag Trent Boult and Adam Zampa replaced Devdutt Padikkal Kuldeep Sen and Jason Holder. They named Devdutt Padikkal Murugan Ashwin Donovan Ferreira Navdeep Saini and Joe Root as their substitutes.Gujarat Titans made one change to the starting XI with Abhinav Manohar replacing Josh Little. They named Josh Little Jayant Yadav Noor Ahmad KS Bharat and Dasun Shanaka as their substitutes.Trent Boult did Trent Boult things to start off as he picked a wicket in the first over. Saha hit a four off the second ball but the RR pacer induced a top edge off the next ball as two fielders and the keeper converged to take the catch and collided the ball popped up off keeper Samsons glove but Boult was standing just there to accept the catch.RR bowled with discipline and didnt give away much in the first five overs. They got one more wicket in the Powerplay as Buttler and Samson combined to run Sai Sudharsan out. in the Powerplay. They conceded just six fours. Shubman Gill then upped the ante as he hit two fours off Ashwin to take the score to 42/2 at the end of the Powerplay. Hardik Pandya then welcomed Adam Zampa into the attack with a six and a four. Gill continued to attack Ashwin as he hit a four and a six in his second over as Gujarat Titans reached 88/2 at the halfway mark.Chahal then broke the partnership to send back Hardik Pandye 28 off 19. RR pulled things back from there and could have had the wicket of Miller as well but Adam Zampa couldnt hold on to a caught and bowled chance. Miller released some pressure with a six off Chahal but GT lost Gill 45 off 34 in the next over as Sandeep Sharma had him caught at long off.Things slowed down again and again it was Miller who broke the shackles with a six off Chahal.RR brought on their Impact Player - Devdutt Padikkal replacing Chahal in the 18th over.Abhinav Manohar then went berserk hitting two sixes off Boult and one off Zampa before departing for a 13-ball 27-run cameo.Miller hit two consecutive fours in the final over but departed for 4630 as he hit one straight to deep Point as GT took 11 from the over and post 177/7.

Date 16 Apr 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 22 MI vs KKR - Match Report


Mumbai Indians made it two wins in a row as they beat Kolkata Knight Riders in Match 22 of TATA IPL 2023 at the Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai.Ishan Kishans blistering knock of 5825 coupled with supporting knocks from Suryakumar Yadav43 off 25 and Tilak Varma 30 off 25 helped dominant MI beat KKR by five wickets after their bowlers had bounced back hard in the second half of the first innings to restrict KKR to 185/6 following a superb maiden century by Venkatesh Iyer 104 off 51.Chasing 186 Ishan Kishan got off to a flier as he cracked a couple of fours and a six over the off side off the second over from Shardul Thakur. He then went after Umesh hammering a four and a six and in between Impact Player Rohit Sharma then got into the groove smacking a six over long off as the duo accumulated 17 off the third over.Nitish Rana introduced spin early bringing on Sunil Narine in the fourth over but Rohit and Kishan went after him as they hammered 22 off the over with Kishan hitting two sixes and a four and Rohit hitting a four.Rohit welcomed Suyash Sharma into the attack with a six over deep square leg the young leg-spinner however bounced back to dismiss Rohit 20 off 13 as he was brilliantly caught by Umesh Yadav at mid off. Suryakumar Yadav got off the mark with a four off Varun Chakravarthy as MI reached 72/1 at the end of the Powerplay.Kishan then brought up his fifty off 21 balls. He then looked to take on Varun Chakravarthy and hit him for a six over deep mid-wicket. The wily spinner thoughhit back to dismiss the dangerman as he had Kishan drag one onto the stumps on 5825.Suryakumar Yadav and Tilak Varma carried forward the momentum and brought up MIs 100 as the home team reached 110/2 at the halfway mark.Suryakumar Yadav took on Lockie Ferguson and unleashed a couple of sixes to take 13 off the over. He went from strength to strength cracking a six and a four off Russell as MI amassed 17 from the over to bring the equation down to 39 needed off 42 balls.Suyash then bowled a brilliant over giving away just one run and broke the 60-run stand as he made Tilak Varma 30 off 25 chop one onto the stumps. With 38 needed off 36 Tim David hammered a couple of sixes off Chakravarthy to bring the equation down to 23 off 30. Suryakumar Yadav and Tim David hit a couple of fours before Ferguson had Suryakumar caught behind for 4325 but the MI batter had done his job bringing the equation down to 10 needed off 21.With 2 needed off 17 MI lost Nehal Wadhera caught behind off Ferguson but David hit the finishing run with 14 deliveries to spare. David remained unbeaten on 24 off 13.Earlier Suryakumar Yadav who was leading Mumbai Indians in place of Rohit Sharma who was suffering from a stomach bug won the toss and elected to bowl. Rohit though was named in the substitutes. Arjun Tendulkar and Duan Jansen were handed their debuts. The home team made three changes to the starting XI as Arjun Tendulkar Duan Jansen and Tim David replaced Rohit Sharma Arshad Khan and Jason Behrendorff. They named Rohit Sharma Ramandeep Singh Arshad Khan Vishnu Vinod and Kumar KarthikeyaKKR on the other hand made one change as Venkatesh Iyer replaced Suyash Sharma. They named Mandeep Singh Suyash Sharma Anukul Roy Vaibhav Arora and David Wiese as their substitutes.Debutant Arjun Tendulkar bowled the first over of the innings and he got a hint of swing as he looked to bring the ball into the right-handed batters. He started off well giving away just five runs. There was an LBW shout turned down against N Jagadeesan and MI didnt opt to review. It was a good decision as replays showed it was going over the stumps.Cameron Green too started off well and he got the first breakthrough as he had Jagadeesan caught brilliantly at Point by Hrithik Shokeen. The MI youngster dived forward and took a very good low catch.Venkatesh Iyer then broke the shackles as he punched one through covers for a four and charged down the wicket next ball and lofted it over long off for a six off Arjun Tendulkar. He slashed one over short third man for the second six of the innings off Green in the next over and then got an inside edge to fine leg for a four. In between he hurt his leg looking to scoop and had difficulty running between the wickets. He was however dealing in sixes as he cracked a couple of maximums off debutant Duan Jansan to accumulate 16 off the over.Suryakumar Yadav then called up Piyush Chawla to bowl the final over of the Powerplay and he obliged his captain with a wicket having Rahmanullah Gurbaz caught at short third man. Chawla bowled a brilliant over and gave away just two as KKR reached 57/2 at the end of the Powerplay.Spin brought another wicket as Nitsh Rana mistimed his loft straight to the long on fielder in the 9th over. Shokeen could have had two in two but Ishan Kishan missed a stumping of Shardul Thakur who came in to bat at 5 off the next ball to give him a lifeline.Venkatesh Iyer then brought up his fifty off 23 balls via a four to fine leg off an inside edge off Shokeen and a ball later hit a thumping six over deep square leg off the middle of the bat. Chawla bowled another good over and gave away just six as KKR reached 90/3 at the end of 10th over.Iyer who was doing all the heavy lifting then took on Riley Meredith and hit him for a couple of sixes to take 14 off the 11th over. He added one more to his tally flicking one over deep square leg for a maximum. Shardul Thakur then trickled one to fine leg for a four a ball later it was the first boundary hit by someone apart from Venkatesh Iyer.Shokeen broke the 50-run stand by having Shardul Thakur caught at deep mid-wicket to dent KKR. Iyer moved into the nineties with another six off Meredith. Shokeen then finished off a fine spell of 4-0-34-2 giving away just five runs in his last over. Chawla too finished off a brilliant spell of 4-0-19-2 conceding just six off his last over as things slowed down.Iyer then brought up his maiden IPL hundred off 49 balls with a single off Jansen. It was the first century by a KKR batter since Brendon McCullums magnificent 158* vs RCB in the IPL opener in 2008.After a fortuitous outside edge four Iyer tried to reverse scoop one off Meredith but ended up mistiming it straight to short third man. He walked off for a brilliant 104 off 51 balls. Meredith gave away just five in the 18th over as MI kept things tight. Andre Russell got into his zone hitting a four and a six but Rinku Singh 18 off 18 who couldnt get sustained momentum departed in the penultimate over from Jansen.Russell hit a couple of fours in the final over bowled by Meredith but overall MI finished off really well as they conceded 50/2 off the last six overs and restrict KKR to 185/6. Russell remained unbeaten on 21 11.Rohit Sharma walked out to open the batting as MIs Impact Player while KKR introduced Suyash Sharma as their Impact player replacing the centurion Iyer.

Date 15 Apr 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 21 LSG vs PBKS - Match Report


Punjab Kings got back to winning ways after two losses in a row as they beat Lucknow Super Giants in Match 21 of TATA IPL 2023 at the Bharat Ratna Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee Ekana Cricket Stadium in Lucknow.Sikandar Raza played a brilliant knock of 57 41 under pressure while Shahrukh Khan provided the finishing touches with a fine 10-ball 23*-run cameo to help PBKS win by two wickets after a collective effort from the bowlers led by captain Sam Curran 3/31 had restricted LSG to 159/8.
Chasing 160 Punjab Kings stuttered early as they lost opener Atharva Taide in the first over as he was caught at third man off debutant Yudhvir Singh. Matthew Short took the attacking approach straightaway hitting Avesh Khan for three fours in the second over. Prabhsimran pulled one over mid-wicket off Yudhvir for a four in the next over but the LSG pacer bounced back hard to castle Prabhsimran next ball.Mark Wood bowled a good first over giving away just five. Short then released some pressure as he hit back to back fours off Yudhvir. He then hit the first six of the innings off Gowtham but the LSG all-rounder hit back hard to have Short 34 off 22 caught at mid off two balls later as PBKS reached 45/3 at the end of Powerplay.LSG kept things tight and gave away just 23 off the next four overs as they reached 68/3 at the halfway mark. The pressure was built and Harpreet Singh Bhatia departed trying to up the scoring as he holed out to deep backward square leg off Krunal Pandya. Raza then finally upped the scoring as he hit two sixes and a four off the Krunal over to make it 17 off the over.KL Rahul then introduced Ravi Bishnoi into the attack and he struck in his first over having Curran caught at long off for 66.Raza brought up his maiden IPL fifty off 34 balls. Rahul then pulled off a brilliant diving catch off Wood to dismiss Jitesh Sharma. Shahrukh Khan started off in style with a thumping six over long on off his first ball to bring the equation down to 32 off 24 balls. Raza and Shahrukh took 9 runs off the Avesh Khan over as Raza crashed a four off the last ball of the over to bring the equation down to 23 off 18.Ravi Bishnoi then bowled a brilliant over as he removed the set Raza 5741 caught at deep backward square leg and gave away just three runs. With 20 needed off 12 Shahrukh went for a pull and ended up getting a top edge over the keeper for a six off the first ball of the penultimate over from Wood. After a single Harpreet Brar cracked one wide of mid off for a four. But Wood had him caught behind off the next ball and finished the over with a dot.With 7 needed off 6 Shahrukh heaved the first ball from Bishnoi to deep mid-wicket and scampered through for a quick two. He then hit one uppishly to long on where Hooda charged forward for a catch but ended up putting in a brilliant effort to stop it as the batters took another couple. Shahrukh 23* off 10 then finished off the match with 3 needed as he cracked one wide of long off for a four to win it for PBKS by 2 wickets.Earlier Punjab Kings captain Sam Curran who was leading the side in place of the injured Shikhar Dhawan won the toss and elected to bowl. They made four changes to the starting XI as Atharva Taide Harpreet Singh Bhatia Sikandar Raza Rahul Chahar replaced Prabhsimran Singh Shikhar Dhawan Bhanuka Rajapaksa and Rishi Dhawan. They named Prabhsimran Singh Nathan Ellis Mohit Rathee and Rishi Dhawan as their substitutes.LSG on the other hand made two changes to the starting eleven as Ayush Badoni and Yudhvir Singh Charak replaced Jaydev Unadkat and Amit Mishra. They named Amit Mishra K Gowtham Jaydev Unadkat Prerak Mankad and Daniel Sams as their Substitutes.LSG openers Kyle Mayers and KL Rahul got off to a breezy start. They mixed caution with aggression and played calculated cricket hitting at least one boundary every over. Mayers was dealing in sixes while Rahul was hitting fours as PBKS reached 49/0 at the end of the Powerplay. Mayers hit three sixes and a four in the powerplay while Rahul hit three fours.PBKS clawed their way back into the match as Harpreet Brar had the dangerman Mayers caught at deep backward square leg and then Sikandar Raza trapped Deepak Hooda LBW in the next over.Rahul and Krunal then got a move on as they hit a couple of fours off Sam Curran. The duo then amassed 14 runs off the Raza over. The next two overs went for just 13 before Rahul brought up his 50 off 39 balls with a four off Rahul Chahar. The pressure was again built slightly and Rabada came back to break the 48-run stand as he had Krunal Pandya 18 off 17 caught at deep mid-wicket. Rabada provided another big moment in the match as he had the last match hero Nicholas Pooran caught at deep mid-wicket for a duck two deliveries later.Stoinis injected momentum with two sixes in a row off Chahar and Rahul too picked up his scoring slashing one over point for a six off Rabada.Captain Curran then bowled a fantastic over as he gave away just 5 runs and picked up the wicket of Marcus Stoinis strangled down the leg side off a successful review. The umpire gave it not out but Curran reviewed it and replays showed he had gloved it.Rahul 74 off 56 looked to break the shackles with an upper cut for a four off Arshdeep but the PBKS pacer bounced back to have him caught at long on two balls later.LSG introduced K Gowtham who walked in to bat at 8 as their Impact Player replacing Mayers. Arshdeep finished the over well and gave away 9 runs in the over which included the wicket of Rahul.Curran finished it really well picking up the wickets of Gowtham and Yudhvir Singh and conceding just 7 off the last over to restrict LSG to 159/8.Sam Curran picked up three wickets 3/31 while Kagiso Rabada 2/34 scalped two.Punjab Kings introduced Prabhsimran Singh as their Impact Player as he came out to open with Atharva Taide. Prabhsimran replaced Rahul Chahar.

Date 15 Apr 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 20 RCB vs DC - Match Report


Royal Challengers Bangalore got back to winning ways after the defeat to Lucknow Super Giants as they beat Delhi Capitals by 23 runs in Match 20 of TATA IPL 2023 at the M Chinnaswamy Stadium in Bangalore.Virat Kohli sparkled with the bat with a breezy 50 off 34 balls to help RCB post a competitive 174/6. Vijaykumar Vyshak then impressed on debut with a brilliant spell of 3/20 as a collective bowling and a fine fielding effort saw them restrict DC to 151/9 and hand them their fifth loss in five matches.Chasing 175 DC were dealt with early blows as RCBs Impact Player Anuj Rawat pulled off a spectacular direct-hit run out to send back Prithvi Shaw in the first over. Shaw punched one to extra cover where Rawat dived to his right got up instantly and scored a direct hit at the non-strikers end as Shaw was found short. Mitchell Marsh 0 off 4 departed in the next over top-edging one to point off Wyne Parnell. And four balls later Yash Dhull was trapped LBW by Siraj for 14.DC could manage just 12 off the first four overs. Warner then released some pressure as he hit three fours in a row off Siraj in the fifth over. Warner hit another four off debutant Vijaykumar Vyshak. The RCB pacer though came back strong to send back Warner 19 off 13 next ball as DC stuttered to 32/4 at the end of the Powerplay.Manish pandey and Abhishek Porel tried to steady the ship with a 23-run stand off 19 balls but Harshal Patel struck in his first over to remove Porel 5 off 8 off a slower ball as DC lost half their side inside nine overs.Axar Patel tried to put on some fight with a 14-ball 21 but couldnt carry on and was outfoxed by the knuckle ball from debutant Vyshak. Manish Pandey who held fort at one end then went after Hasaranga smacking a couple of fours and a six in the 14th over and brought up his fifty off 37 balls. Hasaranga though bounced back and trapped Pandey LBW in the same over via a successful review.Vijaykumar Vyshak came back to pick his third wicket in his final over as he had Lalit Yadav caught at long off for 47 and then Siraj got the wicket of Aman Khan 18 off 10. Nortje 23 off 14 fought till the end as he hit a slew of fours but they were way behind in the game and fell short by 24 runs.

Earlier Delhi Capitals captain David Warner won the toss and elected to bowl. They made two changes to the starting XI as Mitchell Marsh and Aman Khan replaced Rovman Powell and Prithvi Shaw. They named Prithvi Shaw Mukesh Kumar Praveen Dubey Sarfaraz Khan and Chetan Sakariya as their substitutes.RCB too made two changes to the starting eleven as Wanindu Hasaranga and Vijaykumar Vyshak replaced David Willey and Anuj Rawat. They named Suyash Prabhudessai David Willey Akash Deep Karn Sharma and Anuj Rawat as their substitutes.RCB openers Virat Kohli and Faf du Plessis got off to a brisk start but Du Plessis departed inside the Powerplay. Kohli got into the groove straightaway as he hammered a couple of fours off Anrich Nortje in the first over. He smacked one on the up wide of mid off and then cracked one through covers as RCB made it 11 off the first over. Warner started off with spin at the other end and Axar bowled a disciplined first over to give away just five runs. Faf du Plessis opened his boundary account going after Mustafizur Rahman hitting him for two fours in the next over - A top-edge over the keeper and a smash over mid off. He opened the maximum account by lofting one over long on off Axar Patel. But still it was a good over from Axar as it went for just seven runs.Kohli and du Plessis hit a four each off Mitchell Marsh but the DC all-rounder bounced back to dismiss Du Plessis courtesy a brilliant one-handed catch from Aman Khan at mid-wicket. He could have had two in two but Manish Pandey dropped a tough catch of Mahipal Lomror at backward point. Lalit Yadav bowled a tight over to give away just four runs as RCB reached 47/1 at the end of the Powerplay.Kohli hit a couple of fours off Kuldeep who then couldnt hold on to a tough low caught and bowled chance as Kohli hit one with power straight back. Kohli then pressed the accelerator button as he hit a four and six off Mustafizur and brought up his fifty off 33 balls with a single. Lomror ended the over in style with a six over point to make it 19 off the over. RCB reached 89/1 at the halfway mark.Warner brought back the impressive Lalit Yadav and he provided a massive breakthrough sending back Kohli 50 off 34 who mistimed a full toss straight to deep mid-wicket. Maxwell was up and running straightaway as smacked a couple of sixes off the same Lalit Yadav over.Nortje came back to give just seven off his second over. And Mitchell Marsh then made a perfect comeback sending back Lomror 26 off 18 off a successful review after the Southpaw had hit him for a six off the previous ball. The umpire gave it not out but Marsh reviewed it and the replays showed Lomror indeed got an edge.Maxwell and Harshal Patel looked to attack Axar hitting him for a six each in the 14th over. The DC all-rounder though hit back had to dismiss Harshal caught behind off the final ball of the over.Warner brought back Kuldeep Yadav and he struck off the first ball sending back Maxwell 24 off 14 off his Wrongun. He then dismissed Dinesh Karthik first ball having him caught at deep mid-wicket which made it three wickets in three balls for DC. Kuldeep ended up bowling a wicket maiden.RCB sent Anuj Rawat as their Impact Player replacing Mahipal Lomror. Kuldeep and Lalit pulled things back and gave away just 12 runs in the three-over phase between 15-17 overs. Lalit finished with excellent figures of 4-0-29-1 and Kuldeep finished with impressive figures of 4-1-23-2.RCB had a mixed finish to the innings as they garnered 12 off Mustafizur but could only accumulate 16 off Nortjes last two overs as they posted 174/6. Anuj Rawat remained unbeaten on 1522 while Shahbaz Ahmed remained not out on 20 12.DC introduced Prithvi Shaw as their Impact player replacing Mustafizur Rahman at the start of their chase.

Date 14 Apr 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 19 KKR vs SRH  - Match Report


Sunrisers Hyderabad made it two wins in a row as they beat Kolkata Knight Riders by 23 runs in Match 19 of TATA IPL 2023 at the Eden Gardens in Kolkata.Harry Brook announced his arrival in the IPL hitting a maiden century as he powered SRH to 228/4. He was ably supported by Aiden Markram 50 off 26 and Abhishek Sharma 32 off 17 as SRH posted a daunting total. Marco Jansen 2/37 Mayank Markande 2/27 then starred with the ball as SRH survived a brilliant fight from Nitish Rana 75 off 41 and Rinku Singh 58* off 31Chasing 229 KKR were rocked early with Rahmanullah Gurbaz departing off just the third ball of the innings. The home team then introduced Venkatesh Iyer as their Impact Player who walked in at No.3.Bhuvneshwar could have had his second in his next over but he couldnt hold on to a tough caught and bowled chance of Iyer. The KKR Impact player couldnt survive long though as he handed a simple catch to Markram at mid on off a leading edge off Jansen. The SRH all-rounder made it two wickets in two balls as he sent back Sunil Narine who mistimed his loft straight to mid on.N Jagadeesan finally injected some momentum hitting a four and a six off T Natarajan. Captain Nitish Rana then went berserk against Umran Malik hammering him for four fours and two sixes to make it 28 off the over and take KKR to 62/3 at the end of Powerplay.Markram then introduced Mayank Markande into the attack and he could have had a wicket in his first over but Rahul Tripathi dropped Jagadeesan at deep mid-wicket when on 25. Markande however got his man in his next over this time caught safely by substitute fielder Glenn Phillips as Jagadeesan departed for 36 21. Markande struck in the next over again this time picking up the big wicket of Russell 3 off 6 as he miscued one to long on.Rana continued the fight as he got to his fifty off 25 balls as he along with last match hero Rinku Singh added 36 runs in the 12-14 over phase. Rinku Singh was given caught behind in the next over from Bhuvneshwar Kumar but he reviewed it and replays showed the ball had bounced after taking his bottom edge on its way to the keeper. Bhuvneshwar bowled a fantastic over and gave away just 7. The required run-rate crept over 17 and then Rinku Singh got a lifeline as Washington Sundar dropped one at deep mid-wicket off Jansen and he punished SRH hitting one for a six over deep square leg off a NO BALL and then another six off the Free-Hit ball to bring the crowd to life and make it 17 off the Jansen over. The equation came to 70 off 24 balls.Rana smacked a six off the first ball of the next over from T Natarajan but the left-arm seamer bounced back hard to have Rana caught at deep point this time Washington Sundar holding on to one and provide a crucial moment in the match. Shardul Thakur finished the over with a four to bring the equation to 58 needed off 18. KKR could garner just 10 runs off the Bhuvneshwar over which made it more daunting at 48 needed off 12 balls. Rinku Singh hit three fours and a couple of twos to accumulate 16 runs off the penultimate over from Natarajan but rode his luck again as he was dropped by Phillips at deep mid-wicket which burst through his hands for a four off the last ball. With 32 needed off the last over Umran Malik struck first ball having Shardul caught at backward point. Umesh then took a single off the next ball but by this time it was out of reach of even Rinku Singh as they needed 31 off four overs. After two dot balls Rinku hit a six and then took a single off the last ball as they fell short by 23 runs. Rinku remained unbeaten on 58 off 31 balls.Earlier Kolkata Knight Riders captain Nitish Rana won the toss and elected to bowl. They went unchanged with their starting XI and named Mandeep Singh Anukul Roy Venkatesh Iyer David Wiese and Kulwant Khejroliya as their substitutes.SRH on the other hand made one change to their starting eleven as they brought in Abhishek Sharma in place of Washington Sundar. They named Abdul Samad Vivrant Sharma Glenn Phillips Mayank Dagar and Washington Sundar as their substitutes.SRH opener Harry Brook was up and running straightaway as he hit three fours in the first over off Umesh Yadav. He crashed the first ball of the innings through covers pulled one through mid-wicket and then scooped one to fine leg as SRH scored 14 off the first over. Mayank Agarwal and Brook took another 14 off the next over as Brook cracked his fourth four of the innings while Ferguson also erred with his line and lengths with five WIDES.Brook continued his attacking ways as he sliced one over point off Umesh for a 71m six and crashed the next one over backward point for consecutive sixes.Rana then introduced Sunil Narine into the attack and he bowled a tight over conceding just three singles. Andre Russell then struck off his first ball of IPL 2023 as he had Mayank caught at slip for 913. The in-form Rahul Tripathi got going straightaway with two fours in the same over but Russell hit back hard to bounce him out off the last ball of the over as the SRH batter top-edged a pull to the keeper.SRH reached 65/2 at the end of the Powerplay.Captain Aiden Markram opened his boundary account as he pulled one over deep square leg for a six off Russell. Things slowed down a bit after that with the next two overs going for just nine runs.Suyash Sharma could have had a wicket off his second ball but he put down a tough caught and bowled chance of Brook. Markram got a move on as he smacked one over long off for his second six off Suyash.Brook got to his maiden IPL fifty off 32 balls as SRH brought up their 100 in the 11th over. Markram continued to attack Suyash smacking him for two sixes and a four in the 12th over to make it 16 off the over. He then took on Varun Chakravarthy hitting him for a four and a six to bring up his fifty off just 25 balls but the KKR spinner bounced back to dismiss him next ball caught at deep mid-wicket.SRH could have had two wickets in two overs but Shardul Thakur dropped Abhishek Sharma in the next over off Suyash to give him a lifeline.Brook then upped the ante as he hit a sublime six off Ferguson and then survived a scare as he looked to scoop but missed. It flicked his pad and was caught by the keeper. The umpire raised the finger on the appeal but he reviewed it straightaway and the replays confirmed it hit his pad and there was no bat involved. He smacked the next one over mid off for a four and sliced the next one a no ball through point for another four. The Free-Hit ball was scooped over short fine leg for the third four of the over. Brook played and missed the next one before cracking the last one through point to make it 23 runs off the over as SRH crossed 150 in the 15th over.Abhishek Sharma joined the party hitting consecutive fours off Suyash as the duo took 15 runs off the 16th over. Abhishek went after Narine in the next over hammering a four and a six to accumulate 14 off the over. Another 14-run over followed as the pair brought up the 200 in the 18th over.Russell finally broke the 72-run stand with the wicket of Abhishek Sharma 32 off 17 but injured himself in the process. Russell though unfortunately had to leave the field with what seemed to be a leg injury. Shardul Thakur finished the Russell over and conceded three fours from five deliveries.Brook then took a couple of twos and a single off the first three balls of the final over from Umesh Yadav to bring up the first century of IPL 2023. He brought it up off just 55 balls. Klassen added another six to power SRH to 228/4. Brook remained unbeaten on 100 off 55 while Klassen remained not out on 16 off 6.Washington Sundar came on as the Impact Player for SRH in place of the centurion Brook at the start of SRHs bowling innings.

Date 13 Apr 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 18 PBKS vs GT - Match Report


The Gujarat Titans GT were back to winning ways in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2023 with a 6-wicket victory over the Punjab Kings PBKS on Thursday at the Punjab Cricket Association IS Bindra Stadium in Mohali.
An impressive Mohit Sharma debut an elegant Shubman Gill half-century and a Trademark Tewatia finish powered GT to a final-over win.
Chasing a target of 154 on an excellent batting track Gujarat Titans were off to a rollicking start. The pure elegance of Shubman Gill and fearless intent of Wriddhiman Saha put GT ahead in the chase that started with a flurry of fours.
Just when the GT openers were nearing the fifty-run partnership Kagiso Rabada came to PBKS’ rescue by claiming his 100th IPL wicket and dismissing the dangerous Saha.
Young Sai Sudharsan joined forces with Shubman Gill as the duo maintained the momentum of the chase with nonchalant strokes. GT reached 80/1 at the halfway mark.
PBKS bounced back with two quick wickets after Arshdeep Singh and Harpreet Brar dismissed Sai Sudharsan and GT skipper Hardik Pandya respectively.
Gill continued his splendid batting display and reached his half-century with a four as he was joined by David Miller at the crease.
With 7 needed off the final over Sam Curran cleaned up set batter Shubman Gill to snatch back momentum. However ice-cool Rahul Tewatia scooped Curran to hit the winning runs and seal the deal for GT.
Earlier Gujarat Titans’ captain Hardik Pandya who was back to lead the side won the toss and opted to field first.
Mohd. Shami jumped into the action straightaway and found early success after Prabhsimran Singh was caught inside the circle on the second ball.
Matthew Short joined skipper Shikhar Dhawan in the middle as the duo counter-attacked with solid drives to negate GT’s early-wicket advantage. However the PBKS skipper was caught off left-arm Irish pacer Josh Little’s bowling.
Short continued maximizing the powerplay with his big hits and PBKS moved to 52/2 after 6 overs.
Rashid Khan bamboozled Matthew Short with a brilliant googly to put an end to the PBKS batter’s 36-run knock.
PBKS were 75/3 at the halfway mark as Jitesh Sharma kept the scoreboard ticking along with Bhanuka Rajapaksa. The duo’s 37-run partnership was put to an end courtesy of a last-second DRS call by Hardik Pandya. GT debutant Mohit Sharma dismissed Jitesh Sharma for 25 after the batter was caught behind.
With five overs to go PBKS were placed at 99/4 as GT kept blocking the run-scoring opportunities. The pressure got the better of Bhanuka Rajapaksa who holded out to the deep off Alzarri Joseph’s bowling.
Shahrukh Khan got going in style and clubbed a six off the very first ball he faced. However Mohit Sharma scalped his second wicket of the innings to dismiss Sam Curran in the penultimate over.
11 runs were scored in the final over but PBKS were restricted to 153-8 in the first innings courtesy of two fine run-outs of Wriddhiman Saha.
Brief Scores Gujarat Titans Shubman Gill 67 Wriddhiman Saha 30 Sam Curran 1-25 beat Punjab Kings 153/8 Matthew Short 36 Jitesh Sharma 25 Mohit Sharma 2-18 by 6wickets.

Date 12 Apr 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 17 CSK vs RR - Match Report


Rajasthan Royals made it two wins in a row as they beat Chennai Super Kings by 3 runs in a thrilling Match 17 of TATA IPL 2023 at the MA Chidambaram Stadium in Chennai.Jos Buttler 52 off 36 and the spinners starred as RR survived a late onslaught from MS Dhoni and Ravindra Jadeja to edge CSK in a thrilling contest. Buttler was ably supported by Devdutt Padikkal 38 off 26 R Ashwin 30 off 22 and Shimron Hetmyer 30 off 18 as RR posted a competitive 175/8. The RR spinners then got into the act choked the CSK batters picked up regular wickets in the middle overs before Sandeep Sharma held his nerve to defend 21 off the last over against the rampaging Dhoni and Jadeja.Chasing 176 Chennai Super Kings were pegged back early via some disciplined bowling from RR. They lost the in-form Ruturaj Gaikwad early as he top-edged one off Sandeep Sharma and Yashasvi Jaiswal pouched a good catch. RR gave away just one four in the first three overs. Rahane and Devon Conway then got going with a four each off Jason Holder in the fourth over. Conway hit a couple of fours off Zampa and was a bit lucky with the second one as Sandeep Sharma couldnt hold on to a difficult chance at backward square leg off a powerful sweep shot which burst through his hands and raced away to the fence.Rahane hit the first six of the innings as he lofted one over wide long off off R Ashwin as RR reached 45/1 at the end of the Powerplay.Conway hit a couple more fours as the duo brought up the fifty-run stand off 33 balls. Some smart placement saw them accumulate 15 runs off the over with four twos and a cracking four through extra cover by Ajinkya Rahane. Samson then brought back Ashwin and the move worked as he trapped Rahane 31 off 19 LBW off a Carrom ball to break the 68-run stand as CSK reached 80/2 at the end of 10 overs.RR built the pressure and Ashwin reaped the rewards of some tight bowling as he sent back Shivam Dube trapped leg before wicket. Chahal could have had Moeen Ali in the next over as he got a bottom edge trying to hoick one but keeper Samson couldnt hold on to it.Moeen though couldnt last long as he holed out to deep backward square leg via a superb catch by Sandeep Sharma off the bowling of Zampa. CSK then introduced Ambati Rayudu as their Impact Player in place of Magala. But he too couldnt make an impact as he mistimed one to deep mid-wicket where Hetmyer took a very good catch off the bowling of Chahal.Conway who held fort at one end then brought up his fifty off 37 balls. But he too couldnt carry on as he miscued the next ball to extra cover off Chahal and Yashasvi took another good catch. The wickets kept falling and the pressure kept building. RR bowled brilliantly in the 10-17 over phase as they conceded just 42 runs and scalped four wickets. Ashwin finished with a very good spell of 4-0-25-0 while Chahal finished with an impressive spell of 4-0-25-2. With 54 needed off 18 balls Dhoni released the pressure valve with a four and a six off Zampa to bring the equation down to 40 off 12.Jadeja then hit two sixes and a four off Holder in the penultimate over to take 19 off the over and bring the equation down to 21 needed off six balls.Sandeep was handed the ball to bowl the last over. He started off with a couple of WIDES. He then bowled a very good yorker for a dot ball but erred in length next ball bowling a full toss Dhoni swung it behind square leg for a four to bring the equation to 13 needed off 4. Dhoni swung the next ball over deep mid-wicket for a six off a low full toss to bring it down to 7 off 3. He then swung at one again but mistimed it to deep mid-wicket for just a single as Sandeep changed sides and bowled from round the wicket. Sandeep then darted in a very good yorker outside off and gave away just a single to jadeja. With 5 required off the last ball Sandeep bowled another brilliant yorker from round the wicket which Dhoni heaved away straight to deep mid-wicket for just a single as RR won the match by three runs.Dhoni remained unbeaten on 32 off 17 balls while Jadeja remained not out on 25 off 15 balls.Earlier Chennai Super Kings captain MS Dhoni who was leading the franchise for the 200th time won the toss and elected to bowl. They made three changes to the starting XI as Moeen Ali Maheesh Theekshana and Akash Singh replaced Dwayne Pretorius Mitchell Santner and Deepak Chahar. They named Ambati Rayudu Mitchell Santner Subhranshu Senapati Shaik Rasheed and Rajvardhan Hangargekar as their substitutes.RR made two changes to the starting XI as Devdutt Padikkal and Kuldeep Sen replaced Riyan Parag and Trent Boultniggle. They named Riyan Parag KM Asif Donovan Ferreira Adam Zampa and Joe Root as their substitutes.CSK got off to a good start as they sent back the in-form Yashasvi Jaiswal Early. Jaiswal had got into the groove straightaway with a couple of fours in the first over from Akash Singh. He cut one wide of third man where a misfield from Theekshana presented him a four and then flicked one through mid-wicket and it raced away. He then lofted one over mid off off Tushar Deshpande for a couple. But the CSK pacer struck off the next ball having Jaiswal caught at mid off as he looked to heave it away off a hard length. gave away just four runs from the over.Devdutt Padikkal got up and running with a couple of fours off Theekshana in the next over. One was an exquisite drive through extra cover but the other was an outside edge wide of the slip fielder. Padikkal got a reprieve as Moeen Ali dropped a tough chance at first slip as it came to him very quickly. Buttler then found his range as he hit a six and a four off Theekshana which was punctuated by another four by Padikkal as the pair hit 17 runs in the over. Padikkal brought up RRs fifty with two consecutive well-timed fours off Deshpande as the away side reached 57/1 at the end of the Powerplay.The pair kept the scoreboard ticking and the extras also helped as Jadeja bowled five WIDES off his first ball of his spell and then bowled another wide in the over to concede 11. Buttler went after Moeen Ali hitting him for consecutive sixes over deep mid-wicket.With the partnership blooming CSK needed a wicket. Jadeja put his hand up as he has since the start of this tournament as he had Padikkal caught a deep square leg to break the 77-run stand. And a ball later he cleaned up Sanju Samson with a beauty a faster one that beat his outside edge. He could have had a third in the over as he induced an outside edge off R Ashwin off the very next ball but Moeen dropped the catch at slip.CSK pulled things back and conceded just 24 from the next five overs 9-13 and picked up two wickets as well. Jadeja finished off with a brilliant spell of 4-0-21-2.R Ashwin finally upped the scoring as he hit a four against Theekshana and then heaved a couple of sixes over deep mid-wicket off Akash Singh. The left-arm seamer though bounced back to dismiss R Ashwin in the same over as he miscued one to extra cover trying to go after another one.Buttler then brought up his fifty off 33 balls but couldnt go the distance as he looked to heave one but missed it completely and was cleaned up by a Moeen Ali off-spinner for 5236. CSK bowled two disciplined overs giving away just 9 runs and picking up the crucial wicket of Buttler.Hetmyer then provided the late surge as he hit two sixes and a couple of fours in a brisk innings of 30* 18 but Deshpande bowled a good last over conceding just 8 runs and picking up the wicket of Jason Holder as RR posted 175/8 from 20 overs.RR introduced Adam Zampa as their Impact Player off the final ball of the innings as he came out to bat after the dismissal of Holder replacing Jos Buttler.

Date 11 Apr 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 16 DC vs MI - Match Report


Mumbai Indians got off the mark on the points table as they beat Delhi Capitals by six wickets in a thrilling Match 16 of TATA IPL at the Arun Jaitley Stadium in Delhi.Piyush Chawla 3/22 and Jason Behrendorffs 3/23 three-wicket hauls helped MI restrict DC to 172. Captain Rohit Sharma then roared back to form with a brilliant knock of 6545 as MI won a roller-coaster game off the last ball of the match.Chasing 173 Rohit Sharma got MI off to a breezy start as he hit a couple of fours and a six off the first over from Mukesh Kumar. He flicked one through wide mid on for four charged down the track and hammered the six over deep mid-wicket and then drove one through mid off to make it 14 off the first over. Ishan Kishan too started off aggressively as he hit three consecutive fours off Mustafizur Rahman. Nortje nearly struck first ball as he induced an inside edge off Kishan and it flew inches wide of the off stump for a four. Rohit though connected a couple off the middle as he flicked one over mid-wicket for a six and then cut one wide of third man for a four to make it 15 from the over.Warner introduced spin into the attack in the fourth over and Lalit Yadav bowled a very good over conceding just seven runs including a four off an outside edge of Kishan. The 50 came up for MI from 4.2 overs. The duo didnt let Axar settle down as they hit a four each to make it 10 from the over.Rohit ended the powerplay with a six behind deep square leg off Lalit Yadav as MI reached 68/0.Axar bowled a tight second over giving away just two and then against the run of play DC got their first wicket as a miscommunication between the batters resulted in Ishan Kishan getting run out at the non-strikers end trying to go for a quick single. DC pulled things back after the Powerplay and didnt concede a boundary for 17 balls. Rohit finally broke the drought as he hammered a 95m six off Norje in the 9th over. Tilak Varma too got moving with a six off Kuldeep Yadav as MI reached 91/1 at the halfway mark. Rohit reached his fifty off 29 balls. Rohit and Varma mixed caution with aggression and kept the scoreboard ticking there after. They took 14 off Kuldeep in the 12th over to bring the equation down to 61 runs off 48 balls.Things slowed down a bit in the next three overs as DC conceded just 11 runs off them and the required run-rate touching 10. Varma broke the shackles in the next over hammering a couple of sixes and a four off Mukesh Kumar but the bowler bounced back by having Varma 41 off 29 caught at deep mid-wicket. And he made it 2 in 2 by having Suryakumar Yadav caught at fine leg off the next ball.MI introduced Tim David who came out to bat at No. 5 as their Impact Player replacing Riley Meredith. With 34 needed off 24 Rohit hit a four off Mustafizur but the Bangladesh pacer bowled three dots and then got the MI Captains wicket courtesy a splendid catch by keeper Abhishek Porel. Rohit walked back for 6545. Cameron Green hit the last ball of the over for a four to get off the mark off the first ball to bring the equation to 26 from 18.Nortje bowled an excellent 18th over and conceded just six runs. With 20 needed off 12 Mustafizur gave away just two off the first three balls but then Green launched the next one into the stands to bring it down to 12 off 8. A single followed. And then Impact Player Tim David connected one off the middle to let it sail over long on for a six.

With five needed off the last over Green took a single off the first ball and then Mukesh Kumar dropped David at mid-wicket. With four needed off four Nortje darted one down the leg side David looked to flick but it brushed his pads on the way to the keeper. The umpire signalled a WIDE but DC reviewed it successfully. It was a dot ball. David took a single off the next ball. With 3 needed off 2 Nortje who was brilliant with his yorkers right through the match bowled another superb yorker Green flicked it to mid-wicket and scampered through for a quick single as Nortje failed to collect the throw from the fielder. With 2 needed off the last ball David drove it to long off and scampered through for a couple as he dived in full length to make it in time as the keeper whipped the bails off at the strikers end. MI won a thriller by six wickets.Earlier Mumbai Indians captain Rohit Sharma won the toss and elected to bowl. They made two changes to the starting XI as Nehal Wadhera and Riley Meredith replaced Tristan Stubbs and Tim David.They named Tim David Kumar Kartikeya Arjun Tendulkar Tristan Stubbs and Ramandeep Singh as their substitutes.Delhi Capitals made three changes to their starting XI as debutant Yash Dhull Prithvi Shaw and Mustafizur Rahman replaced Khaleel Ahmed Rilee Rossouw and Mukesh Kumar. They named Mukesh Kumar Aman Khan Sarfaraz Khan Praveen Dubey and Ishant Sharma as their substitutes.The DC openers got off to a brisk start. Prithvi Shaw got off the mark in his trademark style as he drove the first ball he faced straight down the ground for a four off Jason Behrendorff. David Warner opened his boundary account as he welcomed Arshad Khan with a thumping pull for a four through mid-wicket in the second over. Shaw made it two fours in the over punching one through extra cover and making it 12 off the over. Warner attacked the last two balls of the Cameron Green over and got two fours.Rohit Sharma introduced spin in the fourth over as he brought on Hrithik Shokeen. Prithvi Shaw greeted him with a lovely extra cover drive for four off the first ball. Shokeen though bounced back hard with two dot balls and then had Shaw 15 caught at backward square leg. The young MI all-rounder bowled a very good over and gave away just five runs.Manish Pandey played three dot balls in the Riley Meredith over but then hit one down the ground for a four. He made it two fours in two balls but this time a fortuitous one as he got an inside edge that flew wide of the leg stump to fine leg.Shokeen was on the cusp of bowling another fine over but Pandey attacked him off the last two balls and hit two fours over the leg side to make it 9 runs off the over as DC reached 51/1 at the end of the Powerplay. DC got a big 16-run 8th over as Shokeen missed his marker bowled a no ball conceded five wides and gave away a four off an inside edge off Manish Pandey. It was an over where Warner went a bit funky and batted right-handed off the Free-Hit delivery but couldnt connect it off the middle.DC then lost their way as they lost wickets in a heap. With a steady partnership developing senior pro Piyush Chawla provided the breakthrough as he had Pandey 26 off 18 caught at long off to break the 43-run stand. One brought two as Meridith sent back debutant Yash Dhull caught at deep square leg off a short delivery. DC reached 85/3 at the end of 10 overs. The home team lost three wickets in three overs as Chawla trapped Rovman Powell LBW off a brilliant googly. The batter reviewed it but ball-tracking replays showed it was hitting the leg stump - all three reds.MI could have had another but Warner got a lifeline as he smashed one to mid off and Chawla couldnt manage to hold on to a leaping catch off Green. He however picked up his third in the next over as he cleaned up Lalit Yadav with another superb googly. Warner hit the last ball of his spell for a four but the wily spinner finished with excellent figures of 4-0-22-3.The in-form Axar Patel provided some momentum as he lofted consecutive sixes off Shokeen and cracked a couple of fours off Green. In between Warner who had held fort at one end got to his 50th IPL fifty off 43 balls.Axar then went after Behrendorff as he hit one over wide long on for a six off the first ball of his comeback over. Behrendorff could have had Axar back in the pavilion next ball but Suryakumar misjudged one at long on and the ball burst through his hands onto his head and over the ropes. The DC all-rounder brought up his maiden IPL fifty off 22 balls in style as he hit a four and a six off Meredith.Behrendorff pulled some momentum back in MIs favour as he sent back Axar Patel 54 off 25 who flicked one straight to deep square leg and then dismissed Warner for 51. Nehal Wadhera made it three wickets in the over with a brilliant direct-hit run out of Kuldeep Yadav and then Abhishek Porel miscued one to mid off to make it four wickets in the penultimate over.Nortje hit a four in the last over but Meredith hit back hard pegging back his leg stump with a fast and full delivery to bowl DC out for 172. DC scored 62/6 in the last six overs.DC introduced Mukesh Kumar as their Impact Player in place of Prithvi Shaw at the start of DCs bowling innings.

Date 10 Apr 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 15 RCB vs LSG - Match Report


Lucknow Super Giants made it two wins in a row as they beat Royal Challengers Bangalore by one wicket in a thrilling Match 15 of TATA IPL 2023 at the M Chinnaswamy Stadium in Bengaluru.Bengaluru was hit by Marcus Stoinis 65 off 30 and Nicholas Pooran 62 off 19 storms as the two helped LSG pull off a sensational chase in a drama-filled last over after the RCB top order - Virat Kohli 61 off 44 Faf du Plessis79* off 46 Glenn Maxwell 59 off 29 - had propelled them to 212/2.Chasing 213 Lucknow Super Giants were jolted early as Mohd. Siraj made the in-form Kyle Mayers drag one onto the stumps off just the third ball of the innings. The RCB bowlers bowled with discipline and were richly rewarded as Wayne Parnell had Deepak Hooda 9 off 10 and Krunal Pandya 0 off 2 both caught behind in the fourth over to reduce LSG to 23/3. LSG could have lost Marcus Stoinis as well in the Powerplay but Siraj dropped a touch catch off David Willey in the next over. LSG hobbled their way to 37/3 at the end of Powerplay.
With the required run-rate going over 13 Stoinis finally upped the scoring as he cracked two fours and a six off Harshal and then welcomed Karn Sharma into the attack with two fours and a six again. to amass 33 off two overs.Stoinis got to his fifty off 25 balls with another six off Shahbaz Ahmed. And he hit another one in the over tonking it over deep mid-wicket as LSG reached 91/3 at the halfway mark.Impact Player Karn Sharma too got hit for a six in his next over but he bounced back to get the HUGE wicket of Stoinis 65 off 30 caught at deep cover two balls later.KL Rahul 18 off 20 who was watching Stoinis go berserk from the other end then looked to get going but ended up flicking one straight to Kohli at deep square leg off Siraj in the next over.Nicholas Pooran and Impact Player Ayush Badoni though carried forward the momentum provided by Stoinis and went on a boundary hitting spree. The duo went after Karn Sharma taking him for 20 off the 13th over to bring the equation down to 77 from 42 balls.

Pooran was dealing in sixes as he hit two more along with a four off Harshal to make it 18 off the 14th over and bring the required run-rate under 10. His first 13 balls included five sixes and three fours. He brought up his fifty off just 15 balls with a fantastic six down the ground off Parnell. Its the fastest fifty of the season so far. The next ball was cracked for a four through backward point as the equation came down to 42 needed off 30 balls. The boundaries continued to flow as Badoni steered one to third man for a four off Willey and Pooran swung one over deep square leg for yet another six to get the equation down to 28 off 24.Siraj then came back to bowl a brilliant over as he had the dangerman Pooran 62 off 19 caught at fine leg with a full toss and gave away just four runs. Poorans 62-run innings included seven sixes and four fours.With 24 needed off 18 Badoni who was playing a very sensible innings at the other end and Jaydev Unadkat added 17 off 10 balls before Badoni was out hit wicket trying to ramp one over fine leg. He connected it well and hit it over the ropes but ended up flicking his bat onto the stumps off Parnell. The equation came down to 5 off the last over and RCB were hit by the over-rate penalty and they were allowed only four fielders outside the circle.Unadkat took a single off the first ball of the last over from Harshal. But Harshals dipping slower delivery did the trick off the next ball as he castled Wood for 1. Bishnoi came to the crease with four needed off four and placed one sensibly in the gap at point and scampered through for two. He then pulled the next one to fine leg for a single to level the scores.

The drama wasnt over yet as with one needed off two Unadkat hit one uppishly straight to long on where Du Plessis pouched a juggling catch. With one needed off one Harshal Patel tried to run out Bishnoi who had ventured out of his crease at the non-strikers end but he missed the stumps and a golden opportunity. Avesh Khan then missed his swing as Harshal finally delivered the last ball a slower dipping one and the keeper Dinesh Karthik fumbled as the batters scampered through for a bye to win it for LSG.Earlier Lucknow Super Giants captain KL Rahul won the toss and elected to bowl. They made two changes to the starting eleven as Avesh Khan and Mark Wood replaced Yash Thakur and Romario Shepherd. They named Ayush Badoni Daniel Sams K Gowtham Prerak Mankad and Swapnil Singh as their substitutes.Royal Challengers Bangalore on the other hand made three changes to the starting XI as Anuj Rawat Mahipal Lomror and Wayne Parnell replaced Karn Sharma Akash Deep and Michael Bracewell. They named Karn Sharma Suyash Prabhudessai Akash Deep Sonu Yadav and Michael Bracewell as their substitutes.Virat Kohli got RCB off to a breezy start with his aggressive strokeplay. He took the attacking approach right from the start and played some sublime strokes. He hit the first boundary of the innings as he looked to pull one off Avesh Khan but got a top edge over the keepers head for a six. He middled the next one though punching it over covers for an authoritative four as RCB amassed 13 from the second over.Faf du Plessis opened his boundary account as he lofted one wide of mid on for a four. Kohli continued to attack Avesh as he thumped one through extra cover for a four and drove one through covers for another well-timed four. The former RCB captain hit his second six of the innings by thumping one over long on off Krunal Pandya. He then took on Mark Wood as he made room and lofted one over mid off for a four and then smacked a pull over deep mid-wicket for a six next ball to bring up the 50-run opening stand off 33 balls. RCB reached 56/0 at the end of the Powerplay.Ravi Bishnoi and Krunal Pandya pulled things back a bit with three disciplined overs going for just 18 runs. In between Kohli brought up his fifty off 35 balls with a single off Bishnoi. He finally broke the boundary drought hammering one over deep mid-wicket for a six off Krunal and Faf du Plessis followed it up with a four in the same region in the same over as RCB reached 87/0 at the end of 10 overs.KL Rahul then introduced Amit mishra into the attack and the veteran spinner finally broke the 96-run opening stand as he had Kohli 61 off 44 caught at deep mid-wicket with a quicker short delivery off just the third ball of his spell. Wood followed up with a maiden in the 13th over.Maxwell and Faf dU Plessis then hit the fifth gear as Maxwell went after Mishra and hit him for a four and a six and then the duo hit three sixes off Bishnoi to make it 20 off the over.Du Plessis brought up his fifty off 35 balls as he lofted one over long off for a six off Wood.LSG brought on Ayush Badoni as their Impact Player in the 17th over in place of Amit Mishra.Maxwell continued to attack hitting a six and four off Avesh Khan. He and Faf went after Unadkat and hit two fours and two sixes to hammer 23 off the over and in between Maxwell got a life as he was dropped at third man by Krunal Pandya.Maxwell brought up his fifty in style off just 24 balls as he smacked consecutive sixes off Avesh Khan. The pair brought up the 100-run stand off just 44 balls.Maxwell hit a six off Wood in the last over but the pacer bounced back to knock down his leg stump off the next ball. Maxwell walked off to a standing ovation for an exhilarating 59 off 29 balls. RCB posted 212/2 from their 20 overs. They hammered 108 runs off the last 7 overs. Faf du Plessis remained unbeaten on 7946.RCB introduced Karn Sharma as their Impact Player replacing Anuj Rawat at the start of their bowling innings.

Date 09 Apr 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 14 SRH vs PBKS - Match Report


Sunrisers Hyderabad registered their first win of the season as they beat Punjab Kings by 8 wickets in Match 14 of TATA IPL 2023 at the Rajiv Gandhi International Stadium in Hyderabad.A collective bowling performance led by Mayank Markande 4/15 saw SRH restrict PBKS to 143/9. Shikhar Dhawan played a splendid fighting knock of 99*63. But it wasnt enough as Rahul Tripathi played a brilliant counter-attacking knock of 74* off 48 balls to chase the target down with 17 balls to spare.Bhuvneshwar Kumar and Marco Jansen set the platform as they ripped through the PBKS top order inside the Powerplay. Markande and Umran Malik carried forward the momentum in the middle overs and scythed through the middle and lower middle order before Dhawan dragged PBKS to a respectable 143/9.Chasing 144 openers Mayank Agarwal and Harry Brook got SRH off to a brisk start as they hit six fours in the first 20 balls. Arshdeep was hit for four of those six fours but he bounced back hard by cleaning up Brook 13 off 14 with the knuckle ball.PBKS could have had a second wicket in the next over but keeper Jitesh Sharma put down a tough catch of Rahul Tripathi off the bowling of Nathan Ellis. The PBKS bowlers pulled things back conceding just seven runs off the next two overs as SRH reached 34/1 at the end of the Powerplay.Two more tight overs followed. The pressure was built and it resulted in a wicket as Mayank Agarwal 21 off 20 went for a big one but miscued it to long on.Tripathi then changed the course of the match with a stunning counter-attack. He released the pressure as he cut a couple of balls behind square for consecutive fours off Chahar in the same over. He then took the attack to Harpreet Brar hitting three consecutive fours as SRH reached 67/2 at the end of 10 overs. Tripathi continued the momentum as he cracked two more fours off Chahar to accumulate 11 runs off the 11th over. Tripathi brought up his fifty off 35 balls with a six straight down the ground off Mohit Rathee. The fifty-run stand also came up between Tripathi and Markram off just 29 balls.With 47 needed off 36 Markram and Tripathi took on Mohit and hit him for three fours and a six to bring the equation down to 26 off 30. It was a cruise from then on as Markram hit four fours off Eliis and then Tripathi finished it off with another four to win the match by 8 wickets.Tripathi remained unbeaten on 74 off 48 balls while Markram remained not out on 37 off 21 balls as the pair stitched a match-winning 100-run stand off 52 balls.Earlier Sunrisers Hyderabad captain Aiden Markram won the toss and opted to bowl. They made three changes to the side as Heinrich Klassen Marco Jansen Mayank Markande replaced Adil Rashid Anmolpreet Singh and Abdul Samad. They named Mayank Dagar Upendra Yadav Glenn Phillips Akeal Hosein and Abdul Samad as their substitutes. PBKS made two changes to the side as debutant Matthew Short and Mohit Rathee replaced Bhanuka Rajapaksa Injured and Sikandar Raza in the side. They named Sikandar Raza Kagiso Rabada Harpreet Bhata Atharva Taide and Rishi Dhawan as their substitutes.The SRH pacers provided a perfect start for the team as Bhuvneshwar Kumar struck off the first ball of the innings trapping Prabhsimran Singh LBW. Marco Jansen too made an impact in his first over as he trapped debutant Matthew Short LBW for one and nearly had another wicket off the next ball as the umpire raised his finger on the LBW appeal against Jitesh Sharma but the batter reviewed it and replays showed it was missing leg.Dhawan hit a couple of fours off Bhuvneshwar to make sure the pressure didnt build up. But PBKS lost Jitesh Sharma in the next over as he hit one straight to mid off in the fourth over off Jansen.Shikhar Dhawan and Sam Curran then steadied the ship and added 41 off 30 balls. Curran hit Jansen for a six and a four as PBKS reached 41/3 at the end of the Powerplay. The duo took 28 runs off the next three overs. But Mayank Markande broke the stand in his first over dismissing Curran for 2215. One brought two as Umran Malik had Impact Player Sikandar Raza who replaced Prabhsimran Singh caught at third man to reduce PBKS to 69/5. And then three as Markande trapped Shahrukh Khan LBW with a brilliant googly.Umran breathed fire as he cleaned up Harpreet Brar in his next over as PBKS lost four wickets in four overs. Umran could have had Rahul Chahar in the same over but the keeper wasnt able to hold on to a tough chance down the leg side. The wickets continued to tumble as Markande trapped Rahul Chahar LBW with another googly. The batter reviewed it unsuccessfully. All this while Dhawan was stranded at the other end watching the carnage unfold. And while he neared his half-century he saw another one depart as Markande cleaned up Nathan Ellis with the wrongun as he missed his reverse sweep. Markande finished with splendid figures of 4-0-15-4.Dhawan then farmed the strike and got to his fifty in style with a six over deep mid-wicket off T Natarajan. He then scooped the next one over fine leg for back to back sixes. The PBKS captain then took the attack to Umran hitting him for two sixes and a four in the 18th over to take PBKS past 120. Dhawan moved into the 90s with a couple of fours against Bhuvneshwar as they fetched nine runs off the penultimate over. He finished it off in style with a six off the last ball of the innings off Natarajan to drag PBKS to 143/9.Dhawan missed out on his century by one run as he remained unbeaten on 99 off 66 balls with 12 fours and five sixes to his name.

Date 09 Apr 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 13 GT vs KKR - Match Report


Kolkata Knight Riders won their second match in a row as they beat Gujarat Titans by three wickets in a thriller in Match 13 of the TATA IPL 2023 at the Narendra Modi Stadium in Ahmedabad.Rinku Singh 48* off 21 set the stage on fire and did the unthinkable as he smashed five sixes in a row with 28 needed off five balls to pulloff a breathtaking win for Kolkata Knight Riders. It was a roller-coaster match which saw Impact Player Venkatesh Iyer sizzle with a blistering innings of 83 off 40 balls ably supported by Nitish Rana 45 off 29 and Rashid Khan take the first hat-trick of IPL 2023 but it was Rinku Singhs heroics that will be talked about for years to come.Defending 204 Mohd. Shami struck early for the Titans as he had the dangerous-looking Rahmanullah Gurbaz caught at short fine leg off a short ball. Yash Dayal pulled off a fantastic catch as he collided with the keeper who also went for the catch. Shami has given away just two runs in the first over but Rahmanullah had then upped the ante with a six and a four to get to 15 off 12 balls. KKR sent in Impact Player Venkatesh Iyer at No.3. He replaced Suyash Sharma.Josh Little then sent the other opener - N Jagadeesan - back in the next over having him caught at deep square leg off a short ball.Venkatesh Iyer who had come out with an attacking intent hit a six and a couple of fours to take KKR to 43/2 at the end of the Powerplay. Iyer took on Yash Dayal in his first over hitting a four and a six and taking 13 off the over. Captain Nitish Rana got into the groove with two sixes off Alzarri Joseph. Iyer and Rana made sure they kept the scoreboard ticking and at least one boundary was hit every over as they reached 86/1 at the halfway mark.The duo took the attack to Rashid Khan and hit him for 23 runs in two overs. Iyer brought up his fifty off 26 balls as he hammered a four and a six off Yash Dayal and Rana too chipped in with a six to make it 17 off the over. KKR scored 60 in the 8 to 12 over phase.Rana continued the attack on Rashid hitting him for two fours in his third over as the pair brought up the 100-run stand off just 54 balls. However against the run of play Joseph struck and had Rana caught at mid off for 4529. Iyer though continued the momentum as he went after Josh Little and hit him for two fours and a six and amassed 17 from the over as the equation came down to 56 needed off 30 balls.Joseph then picked up another crucial wicket as he had Iyer caught at long on for 8340.With 50 needed off 24 Rashid Khan turned the tables with a superb hat-trick. He provided a huge moment first as he had Andre Russell caught behind. Russell looked to pull but got an edge onto the pads and it lobbed to the keeper. The umpire didnt give it out but Rashid reviewed it and replays showed there was definitely bat involved. He then had Sunil Narine caught at deep mid-wicket off the next ball and then trapped last match hero Shardul Thakur LBW off a googly. The batter reviewed it but replays showed all three reds. Rashid gave away just two runs and picked three wickets in the over to finish with 4-0-37-3.With 48 needed from the last three overs Shami bowled a brilliant over and gave away just five. Rinku Singh led KKRs fight with a six and a four off the final two balls of the penultimate over from Little to bring it down to 29 needed off the last over. Umesh Yadav picked up a single off the first ball of the last over bowled by Yash Dayal and with 28 needed off the last five balls Rinku Singh did the unthinkable smashing five sixes in a row against Dayal to spark wild celebrations. Rinkuremained unbeaten on 48 off 21 balls with one four and six sixes.Earlier Gujarat Titans stand-in captain Rashid Khan who was leading the side in absence of unwell Hardik Pandya won the toss and elected to bat. They made two changes as Vijay Shankar and Abhinav Manohar replaced Hardik Pandya and Josh Little. They named Matthew Wade Mohit Sharma KS Bharat Jayant Yadav and Josh little as their substitutesKKR on the other hand made three changes as N Jagadeesan Suyash Sharma and Lockie Ferguson replaced Mandeep Singh Venkatesh Iyer and Tim Southee. They named Anukul Roy Vaibhav Arora Venkatesh Iyer Mandeep Singh and David Wiese as their substitutes.The Gujarat Giants openers - Wriddhiman Saha and Shubman Gill - got the team off to a steady start. Saha donned the aggressors hat as he played a couple of well-timed lofts for fours one each off Umesh Yadav and Lockie Ferguson. Shubman Gill opened his boundary account as he played a nicely-placed flick wide of mid on as GT reached 31/0 at the end of four overs. Nitish Rana introduced spin into the attack in the fifth over as he brought on Sunil Narine and he struck immediately sending back Saha 17 off 17 off his second ball brilliantly caught by N Jagadeesan at mid-wicket. Saha got a top edge on his slog-sweep and Jagadeesan took a very good catch running backwards.The Titans got moving as Shubman Gill creamed a couple of sublime drives four fours through the off side off Varun Chakravarthy who also conceded five WIDES to make it 16 from the over. GT reached 54/1 at the end of the Powerplay. Gill cracked another one through the covers for a four off Narine in the next over.Gill and Sai Sudharsan got together and mixed caution with aggression to bring up the fifty run stand off 32 balls. The duo concentrated on hitting down the ground as Sudharsan hit a four and a six off Suyash Sharma and Chakravarthy respectively while Gill smashed a four to long off off Suyash as GT reached 88/1 at the half-way mark.With the partnership blooming Rana brought back Narine and he broke the partnership again having the set Gill 3931 caught at long on the 12th over. It was a good comeback from Narine who was hit for a six off the first ball of that over by Sudharsan.Abhinav Manohar arrived at the fall of Gills wicket and straightaway counter-attacked hitting three fours in a row off Umesh Yadav. He then edged one a ball later and keeper Rahmanullah Gurbaz couldnt hold on to a tough chance.Manohar 14 off 8 though couldnt last long as Suyash cleaned him up with a beautiful googly that sneaked through his bat and pad. Sudharsan meanwhile kept chipping away with singles twos and an odd four to bring up his third IPL fifty off 34 balls. He along with Vijay Shankar ran well between the wickets to take multiple singles and twos to bring up the 150 in the 17th over. Narine though came back to break the partnership again as he had Sudharsan caught at long off for 5338.Shankar then pressed the accelerator button going after Ferguson and hitting him for two fours and two sixes to accumulate 25 off the over. He brought up his fourth IPL fifty off just 21 balls with a massive six over deep mid-wicket off Shardul in the last over and then hit two more sixes off the next two balls to make it 20 runs off the over and propel GT to 204/4 from 20 overs.Shankar remained unbeaten on 63 off 24 balls with his innings laced with four fours and five sixes. Sunil Narine was the pick of the bowlers for KKR with figures of 4-0-33-3.Gujarat Titans brought on Josh Little as their Impact Player replacing Sai Sudharsan at the start of their bowling innings. They also had to bring on KS Bharat as a substitute keeper in place of the injured Wriddhiman Saha.

Date 08 Apr 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 12 MI Vs CSK - Match Report


Chennai Super Kings made it two wins in a row as they beat Mumbai Indians by seven wickets at the Wankhede Stadium in Match 12 of the TATA IPL 2023.Ravindra Jadeja led the way with the ball with a momentum-changing spell of 3/20 as the CSK spinners restricted MI to 157/8. Ajinkya Rahane then came out all guns blazing and hit a whirlwind 6127 while Ruturaj Gaikwad played the support act 40* off 36 balls to help CSK chase the target down with 11 balls to spare.Defending 157 Jason Behrendorff struck in the first over making Devon Conway chop one onto the stumps. Rahane then changed the momentum as he went on a stunning counter-attack. He hit a six off Behrendorff and then took the attack to Arshad Khan hitting him for four fours and a six in the fourth over amassing 23 runs. He unfurled pull cuts punches and straight drive to take down Arshad Khan. He continued the momentum in the next over flicking one over deep square leg for a six off Cameron Green. Rahane brought up his fifty off just 19 balls as he cracked consecutive fours off Chawla. It is the fastest fifty of TATA IPL 2023 so far. CSK reached 68/1 at the end of the Powerplay.MI introduced Kartikeya Singh as their Impact Player in place of Tim David.Piyush Chawla finally broke the 82-run partnership between Rahane and Ruturaj as he had the dangerman Rahane caught at long on for 6127.Ruturaj and Shivam Dube carried forward the momentum as they kept the scoreboard ticking by taking minimal risks. With 46 needed off 42 Dube hit a six and Ruturaj cracked a four off Shokeen to bring the required rate below six.Kartikeya then broke the 39-run stand as Dube dragged one onto the stumps in the 15th over. Ambati Rayudu CSKs impact player came out to bat at No.5 he replaced the injured Deepak Chahar.Rayudu and Ruturaj got together and finished off the match with 11 balls to spare.

Ruturaj remained unbeaten on 40 off 36 balls while Rayudu remained not out on 20 off 16.
Earlier Chennai Super Kings captain MS Dhoni won the toss and elected to bowl. They made four changes to the side as Dwayne Pretorius Sisanda Magala Tushar Deshpande and Ajinkya Rahane replaced Ben Stokes Injury Moeen Ali Unwell Ambati Rayudu and Rajvardhan Hangargekar. They named Ambat Rayudu Shaik Rasheed Rajvardhan Hangargekar Akash Singh and Subhranshu Senapati as their substitutes.Mumbai Indians made two changes as Jason Behrendorff and Tristan Stubbs replaced Jofra Archer Precautionary measure and Nehal Wadhera. They named Sandeep Warrier Kartikeya Singh Ramandeep Singh Arjun Tendulkar and Nehal Wadhera as their substitutes.MI openers got off to a flier as Rohit Sharma and Ishan Kishan took the aggressive route straightaway. Rohit hit a couple of lofted fours off Deepak Chahar in the first over. Kishan then took on Sisanda Magala as he welcomed him with three fours in the over. Rohit hit the first six of the innings as he smashed one over point off Tushar Deshpande in the fourth over. The CSK pacer though bounced back and bowled a beauty to clean up Rohit five balls later. His wicket didnt deter Kishan from playing his shots as he again went after Magala and hit him for two fours to make it 14 off the last over of the Powerplay. MI reached 61/1 in the first six overs.Dhoni introduced spin into the attack and it turned tables. Ravindra Jadeja struck in his first over having the dangerous Kishan caught at long on. MS Dhoni then produced his magic with an excellent take and review as he had Suryakumar Yadav caught behind off Mitchell Santner in the next over. Suryakumar gloved his sweep Dhoni pouched an excellent catch down the leg side but the umpire remained unmoved on the appeal. Dhoni reviewed it and replays confirmed the batter had gloved it.Jadeja made it three wickets in two overs for CSK as he pulled off a brilliant reflex catch off his own bowling to send back Cameron Green and Santner struck in the next over again to trap Arshad Khan LBW and reduce MI to 76/5.Things slowed down for the next two overs. Tilak Varma tried to up the ante with a six off Jadeja but the CSK all-rounder hit back hard having Varma trapped LBW off the next ball. The batter reviewed it but replays showed three reds. Jadeja changed the momentum of the match and finished with figures of 4-0-20-3.CSK maintained the stranglehold built pressure and that brought wickets as Tristan Stubbs was brilliantly caught at the long on fence via a tag team effort from Dwayne Pretorius and Ruturaj Gaikwad.Tim David then provided some impetus to the innings as he hit a couple of sixes and a four off Deshpande but the pacer bounced back to have him caught at deep mid-wicket off the next ball.Hrithik Shokeen 18* off 13 and Piyush Chawla 5* off 6 then got together and added precious 26 runs off 18 balls to take MI to 157/8 from 20 overs.

Date 08 Apr 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 11 RR Vs DC - Match Report


Rajasthan Royals bounced back from the defeat against Punjab Kings to beat Delhi Capitals by 57 runs in Match 11 of TATA IPL 2023 at the Barsapara Cricket Stadium in Guwahati and register their second win of the tournament.Openers Jos Buttler 79 off 51 and Yashasvi Jaiswal 60 off 31 set the platform before Shimron Hetmyer provided the final flourish to propel RR to a competitive 199/4. Trent Boult starred with the ball with 3/29 as a disciplined bowling performance saw RR restrict DC to 142/9 and win the match by 57 runs.Chasing 200 DC were rocked early as Impact Player Prithvi Shaw was caught behind brilliantly by Samson off Boult in the first over. Boult made it two wickets in two balls as he trapped Manish Pandey LBW with a superb inswinger. The batter reviewed it but replays showed three reds with the ball hitting the leg stump. Boult nearly had the hat-trick as he beat Rilee Rossouws outside edge off the next ball. Boult started off with a double wicket maiden.Warner and Rossouw got together and tried to steady the ship adding 36 off 30 balls but R Ashwin struck in the last over of the Powerplay to send back Rossouw and jolt DC further.RR introduced Murugan Ashwin as their Impact Player in the 8th over replacing Jos Buttler. Thehome team kept things tight with disciplined bowling. Warner finally got a boundary after 20 balls as he pulled one behind square leg for a four off Boult and Lalit Yadav made it two in the over with a well-placed four through backward point to make it 13 off the over. DC trudged to 68/3 at the halfway mark.Lalit Yadav provided some impetus with two reverse-swept fours off Yuzvendra Chahal. Warner and Yadav brought up the fifty partnership off 36 balls.Just when it looked like Warner and Lalit were injecting some momentum Boult struck to break the 64-run partnership as he made Lalit drag one onto the stumps after being hit for a four off the previous ball. Lalit played a nice brisk innings of 38 off 24 but couldnt go ahead and make a big one. Boult finished with impressive figures of 4-1-29-3.The required run-rate kept creeping up as it went over 15 and in a bid to accelerate Axar Patel departed stumped off Chahal. Warner brought up his fifty off 44 balls but wickets kept falling as Rovman Powell holed out to deep mid-wicket off Ashwin as he finished with brilliant figures of 4-0-25-2.With 82 needed off 24 balls and four wickets in hand DC required a miracle which didnt arrive as they trudged to 142/9. RR clinched the match by 57 runs.Warner scored 65 off 55 balls and was trapped LBW in the penultimate over by Chahal who finished with excellent figures of 4-0-27-3.Earlier Delhi Capitals captain David Warner won the toss and elected to bowl. They made four changes to the side as Rovman Powell Lalit Yadav Manish Pandey and Khaleel Ahmed replaced Mitchell Marsh Prithvi Shaw Sarfaraz Khan and Aman Khan. They named Aman Khan Prithvi Shaw Sarfaraz Khan Ishant Sharma and Pravin Dubey as their substitutes.RR on the other hand made two changes to the side as Dhruv Jurel and Sandeep Sharma replaced Devdutt Padikkal and KM Asif. They named Navdeep Saini Akash Vashisht Murugan Ashwin KM Asif and Donovan Ferreira as their substitutes.RR opener Yashasvi Jaiswal was up and running straight away as hit three fours off the first three balls off the innings and overall five fours in the first over. He smacked a pull for four off the first ball cut one to third man the next ball and drove the third one through extra cover. After a dot he smashed the next one over mid on and cut the last one over short third man to make it five fours and 20 runs off the over.Jos Buttler joined the party hitting three fours off the second over from Anrich Nortje. He got off the mark with a four thumping one through covers off Nortje then slashed one over short third man for another four and then placed one wide of mid off for the third four of the over. All 32 runs off the first two overs came in boundaries.Jaiswal finally took the first single of the innings as he pushed one to mid off and scampered through for a quick single. Mukesh Kumar did concede a four in the third over but he did well to restrict the batters to just 7.RRs 50 came up in the fourth over as Buttler survived a scare following a fantastic effort from Nortje who nearly pulled off a brilliant catch running backwards at mid on. Warner brought Axar into the attack in the fifth over and Jaiswal took the attack to the all-rounder straightaway hitting him for three consecutive fours.Nortje bowled a good last over of the Powerplay giving away just five as RR reached 68/0 from the first six overs.Jaiswal reached his fifty in style off just 25 balls with consecutive fours off Axar. The pair then went after Kuldeep Yadav hitting two fours and a six to make it 17 off the over.Warner brought back Mukesh Kumar and he finally provided some relief for DC as he had Jaiswal caught and bowled off a top edge for 6031. The short ball did the trick for the bowler. Mukesh bowled a brilliantover and gave away just two runs including the wicket of Jaiswal.The second wicket arrived for RR quickly as Kuldeep had Samson caught at long on. And they nearly had the third as Kuldeep induced a leading edge off Riyan Parag but it fell short of the diving Kuldeep.The DC bowlers pulled things back conceding just 16 and picking two wickets in the 9-12 overs phase.Buttler finally broke the deadlock as he pulled one over deep mid-wicket off Axar to bring up his fifty off just 32 balls. He however lost Riyan Parag at the other end in the next over cleaned up by Rovman Powell as RR could garner just eight runs off the next two overs. Buttler again upped the ante as he hit first boundary after 20 balls paddling one to long leg off Mukesh Kumar for a four and then thumping the next one down the ground for back to back fours.Hetmyer finally got going as he hit a six and a four off Powell to make it 14 off the over. Buttler and Hetmyer found their range as they added 49 off 29 balls. Mukesh Kumar finally dismissed Buttler for 7951 in the penultimate over to break the stand. Dhruv Jurel started off in style with a six off the first ball. Hetmyer provided the final flourish with two sixes off Nortje in the final over as RR accumulated 16 runs to finish on 199/4 from 20 overs.Hetmyer remained unbeaten 39 off 21. RR scored 69/1 in the last five overs.DC introduced Prithvi Shaw as their Impact Player and he came out to open with Warner. Khaleel Ahmed made way for Shaw.

Date 07 Apr 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 10 LSG Vs SRH - Match Report


Lucknow Super Giants got back to winning ways after the defeat against Chennai Super Kings to beat Sunrisers Hyderabad by five wickets in Match 10 of TATA IPL 2023 at the Bharat Ratna Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee Ekana Cricket Stadium in Lucknow.Krunal Pandya starred with a brilliant all-round performance 3/18 & 34 off 23 to help LSG register their second win of the tournament. Krunal bowled an impressive spell of 4-0-18-3 as the LSG spinners applied the choke on the SRH batters and restricted them to 121/8. KL Rahul then played a composed knock of 35 off 31 balls as he added 55 runs off 38 balls with Krunal 34 off 23 to help LSG chase the target down with four overs and five wickets to spare.Defending 121 SRH didnt get off to the best of starts as Bhuvneshwar Kumar conceded 13 off the first over which included a four and five wides.Rahul who had got off the mark with a beautiful cover drive off Bhuvneshwar then unfurled another lovely drive for a four off Washington. Mayers followed suit as he drove one through covers for the second four of the over and made it 11 off the over. Rahul and Mayers added 35 for the first wicket before Mayers looked to attack Farooqi but ended up hitting one straight to Mayank Agarwal at deep square leg.Hooda looked to take the aggressive route as he lofted one straight down the ground off Bhuvneshwar Kumar for a six but the experienced SRH pacer made a perfect comeback as he had Hooda brilliantly caught and bowled five balls later. LSG reached 45/2 at the end of the Powerplay.Rahul and Krunal got together and mixed caution with aggression to keep the scoreboard ticking and not let the pressure build. The duo added 55 off 38 balls before Krunal edged one to the keeper on 3423. But he had done his job and brought LSG closer to a win with 22 needed off 46. Krunals innings was laced with four 4s and a 6.With8 needed from 36 Adil Rashid sent back Rahul and Romario Shepherd off consecutive balls but Stoinis 10* off 13 and Nicholas Pooran 11* off 6 made sure there were no more slip-ups as they took LSG past the finish line with 24 balls to spare.Earlier Sunrisers Hyderabad captain Aiden Markram won the toss and elected to bat. They made three changes to the side as Markram Abdul Samad and Anmolpreet Singh replaced Glenn Phillips Fazalhaq Farooqi and Abhishek Sharma. They named Heinrich Klaasen Mayank Dagar Fazalhaq Farooqi Marco Jansen and Mayank Markande as their substitutes.LSG made three changes to the side as Romario Shepherd Jaydev Unadkat and Amit Mishra replaced Mark Wood Avesh Khan and K Gowtham in the eleven. They named Ayush Badoni Swapnil Singh Daniel Sams Prerak Mankad and Avesh Khan as their substitutes.The LSG bowlers started off well as they didnt concede a boundary for the first eleven balls. Anmolpreet Singh finally opened the boundary account as he pulled one over fine leg for a six off Jaydev Unadkat off the 12th ball. Mayank Agarway opened his boundary account as he swept one over short fine leg for a four off Krunal Pandya. The LSG all-rounder bounced back and had Mayank caught at short extra cover for 8 three balls later to provide the first breakthrough for his team.Krunal gave away just six runs in the over and Unadkat bowled a tight fourth over conceding just three. Anmolpreet then released some pressure as he hit two consecutive fours off Krunal in the fifth over. Yash Thakur bowled an eventful over the end the powerplay as he conceded a couple of fours and thought he had the wicket of Anmolpreet as the umpire raised his finger on the LBW appeal but the batter reviewed it and replays showed it was going over the stumps and the decision was reversed. SRH reached 43/1 at the end of six overs.Bishnoi and Krunal kept things tight to build pressure and reaped rewards as Krunal trapped Anmolpreet LBW for 3126. The umpire gave it out the batter reviewed but replays showed it was umpires call as it was clipping leg. Krunal produced a beauty next ball as he pegged back SRH captain Markrams off-stump to make it two wickets in two balls. Bishnoi made it three wickets in two overs for LSG as he had Harry Brook stumped with a wily leg spinner as the batter looked to play for the googly to reduce SRH to 55/4.SRH reached 63/4 at the halfway mark.Runs were hard to come by and SRH went without a boundary for 29 balls before Tripathi smacked one straight down the ground off Amit Mishra in the 15th over.Krunal bowled another tight over giving away just one run to finish off a brilliant spell of 4-0-18-3.Tripathi hit another rare four in the next over with a powerful reverse sweep off Mishra. However his patient knock of 3441 ended in the next over as Mishra pulled off a very good catch at short third man off Yash Thakur. Mishra was in action once again as he picked up his first wicket having Washington Sundar 16 off 28 caught at long on and then his second off the last ball of his spell having Adil Rashid caught at long off. In between he was hit for a four over extra cover by Rashid. Mishra finished with impressive figures of 4-0-23-2.LSG introduced Ayush Badoni as their Impact Player in place of Mishra.Abdul Samad then provided the much-needed final flourish as he hit two sixes in the last over off Unadkat to take SRH to 121/8. He remained unbeaten on 21 off 10 balls with two sixes and a four.SRH introduced Fazalhaq Farooqi as their Impact Player in place of Rahul Tripathi at the start of their bowling innings.

Date 06 Apr 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 09 KKR Vs RCB - Match Report


Kolkata Knight Riders bounced back after defeat against Punjab Kings in their opener to beat Royal Challengers Bangalore by 81 runs in Match 9 of the TATA IPL 2023 at the Eden Gardens.Shardul Thakurs stunning counter-attacking innings of 6829 coupled with calculated knocks from Rahmanullah Gurbaz 57 off 44 and Rinku Singh 46 off 33 helped KKR post a daunting 204/7 after recovering from 89/5. The KKR spinners then came to the party as Varun Chakravarthy 4/15 Sunil Narine 2/16 and debutant Suyash Sharma 3/30 spun a web around the RCB batters to bowl them out for 123 and win the match by 81 runs.Chasing 205 RCB openers Virat Kohli and Faf du Plessis got the away side off to a brisk start. Kohli got into the groove early as he hit a couple of well-placed fours to score 10 off the first over from Umesh Yadav. The pair then took on Southee as Kohli smacked one over mid on for a four and Du Plessis smashed a couple of sixes and a four to make it a 23-run over.Nitish Rana then introduced Sunil Narine into the attack and the move paid rich dividends as he cleaned up Kohli for 2118 and gave away just three singles. Another bowling change worked as Varun Chakravarthy had Du Plessis drag one onto the stumps in the next over. The introduction of spin did the trick for KKR as RCB reached 50/2 at the end of the Powerplay.Chakravarthy had two more in one over as he knocked back Glenn Maxwells off stump with a googly and disturbed the furniture again a ball later as he made Harshal Patel chop one onto the stumps. The RCB collapse continued as Narine sent back Shahbaz Ahmed and Sharduls golden arm struck to remove Bracewell.RCB sent their Impact Player - Anuj Rawat - to bat at No.8. He replaced Mohd. Siraj.It was the other Impact Player though who made the impact as Suyash Sharma picked two wickets in an over. He had Anuj Rawat and Dinesh Karthik caught at short third man to reduce RCB to 86/8. He picked up his third having Karn Sharma caught at first slip after a successful review. He finished with superb figures of 3/30 on debut.David Willey and Akash Deep then cracked a few boundaries but Chakravarthy came back to wrap the RCB innings on 123 with a brilliant caught and bowled of Akash Deep as KKR won the match by 81 runs.Earlier Royal Challengers Bangalore captain Faf du Plessis won the toss and elected to bowl. They made one change to the side as David Willey replaced the injured Reece Topley. RCB named Finn Allen Sonu Yadav Mahipal Lomror Suyash Prabhudessai and Anuj Rawat as their substitutes.Kolkata Knight Riders too made one change as Venkatesh Iyer replaced Anukul Roy. They named Suyash Sharma Anukul Roy Vaibhav Arora N Jagadeesan and David Wiese as their substitutes.RCB pacer Mohd. Siraj had a mixed start as he started off with two good outswingers in the first over which Rahmanullah Gurbaz left alone but Gurbaz gave him the charge next ball and Siraj sprayed it way down the leg side for FIVE WIDES. A leave later Gurbaz placed one wide of third man for a four as KKR scored 9 off the first over.Willey bowled a disciplined second over and gave away just three singles. Siraj though continued to leak runs as Gurbaz smashed one through point for a four and then a ripper from Siraj beat Gurbaz inside edge and beat the keeper as well to fly away for four byes to fine leg. Gurbaz then placed one wide of short third man for another four as they scored 14 off the over.Willey set the stage on fire in the next over as he cleaned up Venkatesh Iyer with one that jagged back in and then hit the timber again with one that moved away to make it two wickets in two balls. He ended up bowling a double wicket maiden to peg KKR back.Gurbaz though continued to play attacking strokes as he pulled one over fine leg off a no ball from Akash Deep and then looked to trickle one to fine leg but seemed to miss it and it ran away for four leg byes. Deep conceded 15 from the over.Willey bowled another fine over and gave away just six as KKR reached 47/2 at the end of the Powerplay. Willey was brilliant in the first six overs with figures of 3-1-9-2.Faf du Plessis introduced Michael Bracewell into the attack post Powerplay and he struck off the first ball having KKR captain Nitish Rana caught behind. Rana looked to reverse sweep but the ball lobbed off the glove into the gloves of the keeper. The umpire gave it not out but RCB reviewed it and replays showed that the ball indeed brushed the glove.Gurbaz then reviewed it rightly as he was given out LBW off Shahbaz Ahmed but he asked to go upstairs and replays showed it had hit his glove and then pad while trying to sweep. The Afghanistan batter finally broke the boundary drought as he swept one powerfully off Shahbaz to deep square leg for the first four after 13 balls and followed it up with a massive six over wide long on and a muscular pull over mid-wicket for a four off the Bracewell over to provide some sort of momentum. He brought up his fifty off 38 balls as he swept one for a six behind deep backward square leg off Karn Sharma as KKR reached 79/3 at the halfway stage.Karn then provided a huge moment in the match as he sent back the set Gurbaz and Andre Russell off consecutive balls to jolt KKR. Gurbaz 57 off 44 reverse swept one uppishly and Akash Deep pouched a very good catch at short third man and off the next ball Russell mistimed his loft straight to Kohli at long off.Shardul Thakur strode out and turned the tables with a stunning counter-attack. He took the aggressive route straightaway as he smashed a couple of fours and a six off Akash Deep to accumulate 19 runs off the over. He then muscled a slog sweep off Karn Sharma for a four and then went after Bracewell to hit consecutive sixes to bring up the 50-run stand with Rinku Singh off just 21 balls. KKR scored 46 in three overs 13 to 15 but Willey again pulled things back a bit giving away just seven off his final over to finish with excellent figures of 4-1-16-2.Shardul Thakur brought up his maiden IPL fifty off just 20 balls as he smacked one over mid-wicket for a four off Harshal Patel. The pair garnered 13 off the Harshal over and were unstoppable as they took the attack to Siraj scoring 15 off the 18th over. Rinku brought up the 100-run stand as he went berserk against Harshal hitting him for a four and a couple of sixes but Harshal fought back to have him caught behind off a short ball off the last ball of the over.Shardul continued to smash any and everything as he cracked one over extra cover for a four off Siraj in the last over. The pacer however hit back to dismiss Shardul 68 off 29 off a short ball three balls later. Umesh Yadav took them past 200 with six runs off two balls as KKR recovered from 89/5 to post 204/7.KKR introduced Suyash Sharma as their Impact player in place of Venkatesh Iyer at the start of their bowling innings.

Date 05 Apr 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 08 RR vs PBKS - Match Report


Punjab Kings beat Rajasthan Royals in Match 8 of the TATA IPL 2023 at the Barsapara Cricket Stadium in Guwahati to make it two wins in two and jump to second in the table.Captain Shikhar Dhawan led from the front with a perfectly paced 86* off 56 balls after an explosive start by Prabhsimran Singh 60 off 34 as PBKS posted a competitive 197/4. Nathan Ellis then bowled an incisive spell of 4/30 while Curran held his nerve and defended 16 off the last over to help PBKS win by five runs in a tense finish after Hetmyer 36 off 18 and Dhruv Jurel 32* off 15 had led RRs fightback.Chasing 198 R Ashwin walked out to open along with Yashasvi Jaiswal. The latter started off in style as he pulled the first ball of the innings over deep square leg for a six. He welcomed Arshdeep Singh into the attack with a four. However the PBKS pacer bounced back to dismiss him in the same over having him caught at short extra cover. Buttler walked out to bat at No. 3 and was up and running straightaway crunching one through covers for three.Buttler then got lucky as he mistimed a pull off Curran but Harpreet Brar in the deep dropped a tough catch. The next ball was middled though as he smacked a pull over mid-wicket for a four.Arshdeep struck again in his second over as he had Ashwin caught at mid on for a duck.Sanju Samson got off the mark in style lofting one straight down the ground for a six off Arshdeep. It was sort of a roller-coaster over for Arshdeep as Buttler ended the over with a six over long off to make it 14 runs and a wicket off the over.Samson took the attack to Harpreet Brar in the next over hitting two consecutive fours. And he welcomed Nathan Ellis into the attack with a thumping shot over covers for a four and then placed one through point for consecutive fours. However Ellis struck back hard as he had Buttler 19 off 11 caught and bowled two balls later. Buttler looked to whip one but got an inside edge onto the pads the ball lobbed up and Ellis charged forward on the follow through to take a really good catch.RR reached 57/3 at the end of the Powerplay.Samson and Devdutt Padikkal steadied the ship with a 34-run stand off 32 balls however they lost Samson at a crucial juncture as Ellis returned to bowl a fantastic over give away just two off the first five balls build the pressure and have Samson 42 off 25 caught at long off.Riyan Parag released some pressure with a slew of boundaries. He smacked a six each off Chahar and Raza and then pulled one off Arshdeep for a four.Parag though couldnt carry on the hitting for long as he holed out to long off off Ellis for 2012. The Australian pacer once again provided a wicket when the team needed. Ellis again used the cross-seam delivery to good effect as he cleaned up Devdutt Padikkal21 from 26 in the same over to dent RR and reduce them to 124/6 in the 15th over.PBKS introduced Rishi Dhawan as their Impact Player replacing Prabhsimran Singh.With the required run-rate creeping up and 69 needed off 24 Shimron Hetmyer and Dhruv Jurel upped the scoring as they both hit a six each off Ellis final over to garner 16 runs.Hetmyer then swung a couple of sixes over leg side and cracked one through extra cover for a four off Curran to make it 19 off the over and bring the equation down to 34 needed off 12.Dhruv Jurel then joined the party as he lofted one over mid off for a four then smashed one over deep extra cover for a six and then scooped one to fine leg for a four. Hetmyer then miscued a high full toss to deep mid-wicket where Ellis dropped a tough catch as they scampered through for two and made it 18 from the over.With 16 needed off the last over Curran bowled excellent first three balls and gave away just four runs which included the huge wicket of Hetmyer 3618 who was run out trying to go for a non-existent second run. With 12 required off two Curran again bowled a clever wide delivery as Jurel shuffled way across for a scoop but missed and they ran through for a bye. With 11 needed off two balls Curran held his nerve and gave away a single and a four as PBKS won the match by 5 runs. Impact Player Jurel remained unbeaten on 32 off 15 balls.Earlier Rajasthan Royals captain Sanju Samson won the toss and elected to bowl. Both teams went unchanged. They named Akash Vashisht Dhruv Jhurel Murugan Ashwin Kuldip Yadav and Donovan Ferreira as their substitutes.PBKS on the other hand named Rishi Dhawan Atharva Taide Matthew Short Harpreet Singh Bhatia and Mohit Rathee as their substitutes.The PBKS openers got off to a brisk start. Prabhsimran Singh was looking to take the aggressive route right from the start and he opened the teams boundary account as he lofted one over extra cover off Trent Boult for a four in the first over. He hit the first maximum as well shuffling across and heaving one over deep backward square leg off KM Asif. Captain Shikhar Dhawan got into the groove with consecutive well-placed fours off Boult in the third over.Prabhsimran Singh went from strength to strength as he made good adjustments and hit a flat-batted four over long off and placed one through backward point for another four off Asif. He then pulled a short one over deep mid-wicket for a massive six next ball and then cracked one through extra cover for a four to make it 19 off the over.R Ashwin was next on Prabhsimrans hit list as he hit consecutive fours off the off-spinner to bring up PBKS fifty in the fifth over. Prabhsimran looked to take on Holder as well and hit a four over covers but he presented half a chance to Holder off the final ball of the over he smashed one to extra cover where it burst through the hands of Devdutt Padikkal. It was a very tough chance with the ball hit very hard. PBKS had a good Powerplay reaching 63/0 at the end of six overs.The next few overs brought a start-stop phase for PBKS after consistent momentum in the Powerplay. Ashwin pulled things back a bit giving away just five off the seventh over. Prabhsimran then brought up his maiden IPL fifty off 28 balls. The duo picked up the scoring again but Holder provided some relief to RR as he broke the partnership and had Prabhsimran caught at long off for 6034. Buttler pulled off a brilliant diving catch charging forward.PBKS then received another blow as Bhanuka Rajapaksa walked back retired hurt after Dhawan smacked one back and it hit Rajapaksa on his hand as he looked to take the evasive action.After a tight three-run over from Ashwin Jitesh Sharma and Shikhar Dhawan went after Yuzvendra Chahal and hit him for two fours and a six to make it 18 runs off the over. Dhawan continued to attack Chahal as he hammered a couple of fours through to leg side to bring up his fifty off 36 balls. Dhawan then went for another one but miscued it high in the air Chahal ran backwards but couldnt manage to reach it. Dhawan then thumped the third four of the over as he launched one over extra cover off the last ball to make it 16 runs off the over.Dhawan and Jitesh brought up the 50-run stand off 26 balls as PBKS brought up their 150 in the 15th over. While he went for runs Chahal finally broke the 66-run stand as he had Jitesh 27 caught at long off in the 16th over.RR brought on Dhruv Jurel as their Impact Player in place of Yuzvendra Chahal who completed his quota of four overs.Ashwin who had bowled brilliantly in the match so far got his first wicket as he cleaned up Sikandar Raza with a carrom ball. He finished with fantastic figures of 4-0-25-1.RR clawed back in the match as they gave away just 22 runs and picked up two wickets in the 16 to 18 over phase.PBKS got back on track as Dhawan took the attack to KM Asif in thepenultimate over hitting a six and a four and accumulating 16 off the over.Holder bowled a very good final over giving away just seven runs and scalping the wicket of Shahrukh Khan as PBKS posted 197/4. Buttler took another brilliant catch in that over but immediately went off the field. Shikhar Dhawan remained unbeaten on 86 off 56 balls. Holder finished with impressive figures of 4-0-29-2.

Date 04 Apr 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 07 DC vs GT - Match Report


Gujarat Titans made it two wins in two as they beat Delhi Capitals by six wickets in Match 7 of the TATA IPL at the Arun Jaitley Stadium in Delhi.A collective bowling performance led by Rashid Khan 3/31 and Alzarri Joseph 2/29 helped GT restrict DC to 162/8. B Sai Sudharsan then played a calm and composed knock of 6248 under pressure to stitch crucial fifty-run partnerships with Vijay Shankar 29 off 23 and David Miller 31 off 16 to chase down the target with 11 balls to spare. Chasing 163 GT opener Wriddhiman Saha got into the groove early as he cracked a couple of fours and then pulled one over deep square leg for a six to make it 14 runs off the first over from Khaleel Ahmed. Shubman Gill too started off well as he crunched a couple of well-timed fours through the off side off Mukesh Kumar in the next over.DC captain David Warner brough on Anrich Nortje in the third over and he struck straightaway with a peach cleaning up Saha with one that jagged back in sharply. Nortje disturbed the furniture again off the first ball of his next over as he knocked down Gills off stump with a similar delivery that nipped back in sharply. He however ended up conceding a six to off a Free Hit to B Sai Sudharsan and a four to Hardik Pandya. Warner brought back Khaleel and another one of his bowling changes worked as he got the big wicket of Hardik Pandya caught behind for 5. Gujarat Titans reached 54/3 at the end of the Powerplay.The Titans then introduced their Impact Player - Vijay Shankar - in place of Josh Little.Sai Sudharsan and Vijay Shankar then got together steadied the ship and then upped the scoring to 53 off 44 balls. Sudharsan played some attractive shots as the duo combined caution with aggression well and played a calculated game.Marsh then struck at a crucial juncture to trap Shankar 29 off 23 LBW via a successful review to break the partnership. There was a bit of drama then as Miller was given out LBW off Kuldeep but he reviewed it and the decision was overturned as replays showed it was missing leg.Things slowed down and with 43 needed off 27 Miller released the pressure by smacking a short one into the stands off Mukesh Kumar then lofted another one over wide long on for another six and then drove one wide of long off for a four to make it 20 runs off the over and bring the equation down to 26 needed off 24. It was a momentum changing over which put GT in the drivers seat. Sudharshan then got to his half-century off 44 balls with an upper cut over the keeper for a one bounce four.GT were cruising as Sudharsan pulled one over fine leg off Nortje and Miller crashed one through extra cover off Khaleel as the pair brought up the 50-run stand and finished off the match Earlier Gujarat Titans captain Hardik Pandya won the toss and elected to bowl. They made two changes to the side as B Sai Sudharsan and David Miller replaced Vijay Shankar and David Miller. They named R Sai Kishore Jayant Yadav Vijay Shankar Abhinav Manohar and KS Bharat as their substitutes.Delhi Capitals made three changes to the side as Anrich Nortje Aman Khan and debutant Abhishek Porel came in place of Rovman Powell Khaleel Ahmed and Chetan Sakariya. They named Lalit Yadav Rovman Powell Chetan Sakariya Khaleel Ahmed and Manish Pandey as their substitutes.GT pacer Mohd. Shami started off with an eventful first over as he beat David Warner twice with one of those deliveries flicking the stumps and conceded 11 runs. Warner was lucky in the over as an outswinger beat his outside edge and brushed the stumps but the bails stayed on. Warner then got off the mark as he flicked one just past the diving wicketkeeper for a four. Shami then sprayed one down the leg side which flew wide of the wicket-keeper for five WIDES. The last one was a dot as 11 runs came from the opening over.Warner then smacked a four off Josh Little to take 9 runs off the second over. Shaw straightaway looked to attack Shami in his next over as he slashed at one but got an outside edge to third man for a streaky four. But Shami bounced back to remove Shaw three balls later as he had him caught at mid on.Shami again struck in his next over as he had Mitchell Marsh drag one onto the stumps after being hit for a four off the previous ball. Warner though made sure that the pressure didnt build as he slashed one over point for a four off Shami and pulled one over mid-wicket off Hardik Pandya for his fifth four to take DC to 52/2 at the end of the Powerplay.The Australian batter then took on Alzarri Joseph as he hammered one over mid off for a four and then cut another one wide of third man for the second four of the over. Hardik then bowled a tight over and gave away just four. And it seemed to benefit Joseph as he first had Warner 37 off 32 chop one onto his stumps in the next over. And then bowled a snorter off the next ball to Rilee Rossouw who fended it in the air and Rahul Tewatia pulled off a brilliant catch at backward point. It was a fiery over from Joseph that pegged DC back as they reached 78/4 at the half-way mark.Joseph was ramping up good pace. Abhishek Porel slashed a short one from the West Indies pacer to third man where Yash Dayal took a brilliant catch but ended up crossing the rope. Joseph bowled another bouncer next ball Porel looked to pull but missed and it hit him flush on the helmet. Amid the fiery spell Sarfaraz got a lifeline as he miscued one off Yash Dayal and Josh Little dropped a tough high catch. Porel then got one off the middle as he smashed a massive six over deep mid-wicket off Dayal to bring up DCs 100 in the 12th over.Hardik Pandya introduced Rashid Khan into the attack in the 13th over and he didnt take time to get going as he cleaned up Porel off the second delivery of his spell to break the 34-run off 23 balls stand.Axar Patel arrived and relieved some pressure as he hit a couple of fours and then a powerful six off Rashid. Little though bowled a tight 16th over giving away just five and mounting some pressure. Sarfaraz Khan who wasnt at his fluent best batting on 26 off 32 then tried to up the ante as he smashed a slog sweep for a four off Rashid. He then went for another one off the next ball but ended up getting a top edge and Josh Little in the deep did well to pouch a tricky catch.Axar Patel hit a six over long off off Little and then Aman Khan slog-swept one for a maximum off Rashid but the Afghanistan spinner hit back to remove Aman next ball to scalp his third wicket.Axar managed one more six off Shami in the last over before holing out to deep point for 3622. Anrich Nortje hit a four off the last ball of the innings to take DC to 162/8. It was sort of a start-stop innings for the home team as they never got consistent momentum going. The batters got starts but couldnt convert them into big ones.Joseph 2/29 and Rashid 3/31 were the pick of the bowlers for GT. Little bowled an economical spell of 4-0-27-0. Axar Patel played a crucial cameo of 36 off 22 Two sixes and three fours at the end to push DC past 150.DC introduced Khaleel Ahmed as their Impact Player in place of Sarfaraz Khan at the start of their bowling innings.

Date 03 Apr 2023

TATA IPL 2023 MATCH 6 CSK VS LSG - MATCH REPORT


Chennai Super Kings bounced back after their defeat in the opener against defending champions Gujarat Titans to beat Lucknow Super Giants in Match 6 of the TATA IPL at the MA Chidambaram Stadium in ChennaiTerrific Ruturaj Gaikwad sizzled again with 57 off 31 balls as he and Devon Conway 47 off 29 laid the platform with a 110-run stand. Ambati Rayudu 27 off 14 and MS Dhoni12 off 3 provided the finishing touches to help CSK post a daunting 217/7. The CSK spinners led by Moeen Ali 4/26 then spun a web around the LSG batters and restricted them to 205/7 to help achieve a 12-run win in their homecoming.Chasing 218 Kyle Mayers picked up from where he left off in the last match and got off to a breezy start. He took the attack to Ben Stokes in the second over and hammered him for two fours and a six and then hit three fours off Deepak Chahar in the next over. CSKs Impact Player Tushar Deshpande struggled in his first over as he gave away 18-runs in his first over which included two NO BALLS three WIDES one four and six each. Mayers didnt spare Chahar as well as he cracked a couple of fours off him. He reached his fifty off just 21 balls but departed soon as he looked to take on Moeen Ali but ended up holing out to Conway at deep mid-wicket. It was a huge wicket in the context of the game as he was looking in ominous touch.LSG reached their highest Powerplay score at 80/1.The spinners brought CSK back into the match as Mitchell Santner struck immediately after the Powerplay as he had Deepak Hooda caught at wide long on and in the next over Moeen got the big one of Rahul 20 off 18 caught at deep mid-wicket and then had Krunal Pandya caught at long on.Pooran released some pressure as he took the attack to Rajvardhan Hangargekar hitting him for a six and a couple of fours. But Santner evened things out a bit with a tight three run over and finished a frugal spell of 4-0-21-1.Moeen though wasnt finished yet as he cleaned up Marcus Stoinis 21 off 18 in his final over and ended with brilliant figures of 4-0-26-4.Pooran continued to fight as he smacked a couple of sixed off Ravindra Jadeja including an outrageous and massive switch-hit six into the stands.Impact Player Tushar Deshpande then provided a crucial moment in the match as he had Pooran 32 off 18 caught at long off in the 16th over and gave away just six runs.With 62 needed from 24 K Gowtham and Ayush Badoni got 18 from the Chahar over which included a dropped catch of Gowtham. But Deshpande once again bowled a superb over to give away just 7 runs to bring the equation to 37 needed off 12. Hangargekar who went for 15 in his first over then bounced back to give away nine in a crucial penultimate over as the CSK fielders made crucial stops on the field. Deshpande defended 28 off the last over giving away 15 runs and picking the wicket of Badoni as CSK won the match by 12 runs.Earlier Lucknow Super Giants captain KL Rahul won the toss and elected to bowl. They made one change to the side as Yash Thakur replaced Jaydev Unadkat. They named Daniel Sams Prerak Mankad Ayush Badoni Jaydev Unadkat and Amit Mishra as their substitutes.Chennai Super Kings on the other hand went unchanged. They named Tushar Deshpande Subhranshu Senapati Shaik Rasheed Ajinkya Rahane and Dwaine Pretorius as their substitutes.The CSK openers Ruturaj Gaikwad and Devon Conway got their team off to a solid start scoring their highest Powerplay score at their home ground and adding 110 for the first wicket. They started watchfully as they dealt in singles and took six runs off the first over. The home side gained momentum in the second over as Avesh Khan started off with five WIDES Ruturaj Gaikwad flicked one through mid-wicket for three and then Devon Conway crunched a couple of fours through point and cover to make it 17 off the over.Gaikwad opened his boundary account as he placed a very full ball from Mayers through point for a four and pulled one over mid-wicket off Krunal Pandya for his second four as CSK reached 40/0 from four overs.Gaikwad took on K Gowtham as he unleashed three beautiful lofts for three sixes to amass 20 runs off the over and bring up CSKs fifty. Conway joined the party as he straightaway went after last match hero Mark Wood with three fours in a row. The second one seemed to take his top edge on the pull but the umpire signalled it four byes. Ruturaj flicked the penultimate ball for a six over deep backward square leg as the pair collected 19-runs off the over and posted CSKs highest Powerplay score of 79/0 at the MA Chidambaram Stadium.Debutant Yash Thakur bowled a good first over and gave away just seven runs. Gaikwad then reached his fifty second in a row off just 25 balls as he got a rousing reception from the crowd. CSK picked up the scoring again as Conway heaved a couple of sixes over deep mid-wicket off Krunal Pandya to bring up the 100 for CSK in the 8th over.LSG desperately needed to break the opening stand. KL Rahul brought on Ravi Bishnoi and he provided the breakthrough as he had Gaikwad 57 off 31 caught at short third man to provide some relief to LSG. Another brilliant piece of catching saw Krunal pull off a brilliant diving catch at deep mid-wicket to send back Conway 47 off 29 who top edged his pull off Wood.LSG pulled things back a bit in a two-over phase conceding just 11 runs along with a wicket but then Shivam Dube finally pressed the accelerator button and hit a six and a four off Yash Thakur and then two consecutive monstrous sixes off Bishnoi. The LSG leg spinner though hit back hard and sent Dube back one ball later as he had him caught at short third man for 2716.Moeen got into the groove early with a hat-trick of well-placed fours against Avesh but the brilliant Bishnoi sent Moeen back with a googly which the CSK batter missed trying to charge and swing across the line.Amid the CSK storm Bishnoi finished with an excellent spell of 4-0-28-3.The home team lost Ben Stokes cheaply but Ambiti Rayudu and MS Dhoni provided a late surge as they propelled CSK to 217/7. Rayudu hit a couple of sixes off Wood and then Dhoni made a special entry as he got a standing ovation and he smacked his first two balls for sixes off Wood before getting caught at deep point off the next ball in the final over. Rayudu remained unbeaten on 27 off 14 balls.In the 20th over LSG introduced Ayush Badoni as their Impact Player who replaced Avesh Khan. While CSK brought on Tushar Deshpande as their Impact Substitute in place of Ambati Rayudu at the start of their bowling innings.

Date 02 Apr 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 5 RCB Vs MI - Match Report


Royal Challengers Bangalore got off to a winning start in TATA IPL 2023 as they beat Mumbai Indians by eight wickets in Match 5 at the M Chinnaswamy Stadium in Bangalore.Faf du Plessis 73 off 43 and Virat Kohli 82* off 49 balls set the stage on fire with a 148-run off 89 balls opening stand as they helped RCB chase down 172 after Tilak Varmas sensational counter-attacking innings had propelled MI to 171/7.Chasing 172 RCB openers Faf du Plessis and Virat Kohli got their team off to a flier. Du Plessis went after Behrendorff in the third over as she crunched a four through covers thumped a six over deep mid-wicket and then lofted the next one straight down the ground for consecutive sixes to make it 16 runs off the over.Kohli looked to attack Jofra Archer straightaway as he hit one back uppishly but Archer couldnt hold on to a touch chance. Kohli then guided one through backward point for a four and then charged down the track and hammered a slower one over long off for a six. He then smacked a pull over mid-wicket off Archer in his next over as RCB reached 53/0 at the end of the Powerplay.After a quiet over Du Plessis took the attack to Green as he hit a couple of fours and a six to make it a 17-run over.Faf then went after Hrithik Shokeen and hit him for consecutive sixes to bring up his fifty off just 29 balls. RCB reached 97/0 at the halfway stage.Kohli tonked a six off Chawla to bring up the 100-run stand and then brought up his fifty off 38 balls.Rohit brought back Behrendorff in search of a wicket but Kohli and du Plessis took him to the cleaners with two fours and a six accumulating 16 off the over. Kohli kept taking the aggressive approach against Archer as he pulled one into the stands to bring the equation down to 33 off 36.Kohli smashed Arshad for a six but was then dropped off the next ball by Shokeen at deep mid-wicket. MI finally got their first breakthrough as Arshad had Du Plessis 73 off 43 caught at long on off a slower one. Green sent back Karthik for a duck in the next over. Maxwell though was in a hurry to finish it off as he cracked consecutive sixes off the same Green over. And fittingly Kohli finishes it off with a four and a six as RCB cruised to a 8-wicket win and 22 balls to spare. Kohli remained unbeaten on 82 off 49 balls.
Earlier Royal Challengers Bangalore captain Faf du Plessis won the toss and elected to bowl. They named David Willey Sonu Yadav Mahipal Lomror Suyash Prabhudessai and Anuj Rawat as their substitutes. MI named Jason Behrendorff Vishnu Vinod Ramandeep Singh Shams Mulani and Sandeep Warrier as their substitutes.Mohd. Siraj got the early breakthrough for RCB as he had Ishan Kishan caught at third man in the third over. He had bowled a tight first over giving away just two runs. Kishan then opened up and hit a couple of fours off David Willey. Siraj who was bowling with energy and verve struck in his next over as he sent back Kishan.Cameron Green opened his boundary account cracking one through covers off Topley. However a ball later Topley hit back hard and cleaned up Green with a superb yorker.Siraj could have had the big wicket of Rohit inside the powerplay as the MI captain top-edged a pull but a miscommunication between Siraj who charged to take the catch and Dinesh Karthik who also went for the catch meant that both collided and the ball fell in between them. Rohit couldnt ride his luck for long though as he edged one to the keeper off Akash Deep in the next over. Tilak Verma released some pressure with a thumping six over long on off Akash Deep as MI reached 29/3 at the end of the Powerplay.Siraj bowled a brilliant first spell of 3-0-5-1 in the Powerplay.RCB then received a blow as Topley had to go off the field after injuring his shoulder trying to make a diving stop. Their bowlers kept the runs in check and it brought another wicket as Suryakumar Yadav 15 off 16 balls cut one straight to the backward point fielder off Michael Bracewell after smacking a four off the earlier ball.MI reached 55/4 at the half-way mark.Tilak Varma then pressed the accelerator button as he hammered a four off Bracewell and then took on Maxwell for a six and a four. Nehal Wadhera too upped the ante as he hit consecutive sixes off Karn Sharma to bring up the 50-run stand with Varma off just 30 balls. Karn though hit back hard and had Wadhera caught at long on off the next ball to break the partnership.RCB pulled things back a bit and Karn Sharma then got a huge wicket as he cleaned up Tim David 4 off 7. Tilak Varma though went from strength to strength as he smacked a pull over deep mid-wicket for a six off Akash Deep to bring up his fifty off 32 balls. MI lost Hrithik Shokeen but Varma seemed to be batting on a different surface as he played some cracking strokes. Varma along with Arshad Khan provided the final flourish as MI scored 60 off the last four overs. Varma smashed a couple of fours off Siraj in the penultimate over and the pair hit 22 off the last over as Varma finished the innings off in style with a six to propel MI to 171/7. Varma remained unbeaten on 84 off 46 balls with nine fours and four sixes.Mumbai Indians introduced Jason Behrendorff as their Impact Substitute replacing Suryakumar Yadav at the start of their bowling innings.

Date 02 Apr 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 4 SRH vs RR - Match Report


Rajasthan Royals beat Sunrisers Hyderabad by 72 runs in Match 4 of the TATA IPL 2023 at the Rajiv Gandhi International Stadium in Hyderabad.Fifties from Jos Buttler 54 off 22 Yashasvi Jaiswal 54 off 37 and Sanju Samson 55 off 32 powered RR to 203/5. The RR bowlers led by Trent Boult 2/21 and Yuzvendra Chahal 4/17 then mixed skill with accuracy and discipline to maintain a stranglehold over SRH throughout the innings and restrict them to 131/8 helping RR win the match by 72 runs.Defending 203 Trent Boult got RR off to a perfect start he cleaned up Abhishek Sharma with a brilliant yorker off the third ball and a ball later he had Rahul Tripathi caught at slip where Jason Holder pulled off a stunning reflex catch. The first over was a wicket maiden.RR bowled with discipline and gave away just 30 runs from the first six overs with Boult bowling a brilliant first spell of 3-1-8-2.Things went from bad to worse for SRH as Yuzvendra Chahal cleaned up Harry Brook 13 via a skidder in his first over to reduce the home side to 34/3. RR continued to maintain the stranglehold and the pressure got to SRH as Washington Sundar miscued one to extra cover off Holder and then Glenn Phillips hit one straight to extra cover off R Ashwin as the home side huffed and puffed to 48/5 at the half-way mark.SRH introduced Abdul Samad as their Impact Player replacing Fazal Farooqi.With the required run-rate continuously rising Mayank Aarwal 27 off 23 who held fort at one end too perished trying to accelerate as he holed out to long off off Chahal.RR introduced Navdeep Saini as their Impact Player in place of Yashasvi Jaiswal in the 12th over.Adil Rashid and Abdul Samad tried to put on some sort of fight and stem the rut with a 29-run stand off 20 balls but Chahal came back to have Rashid 18 off 13 stumped and then picked up his fourth in his last over as he cleaned up Bhuvneshwar Kumar. SRH never got going right through the innings and by the time Abdul Samad 32 off 32 and Umran Malik 19 off 8 hit some lusty blows the result was a forgone conclusion as RR cruised to a 72-run win. Chahal was the star of the show in the bowling department for RR as he finished with fantastic figures of 4/17.Earlier Bhuvneshwar Kumar who was captaining the Sunrisers Hyderabad side in absence of regular captain Aiden Markram who was away on national duty won the toss and elected to bowl. Mayank Agarwal Harry Brook Adil Rashid and Glenn Phillips were handed their SRH caps. They named Abdul Samad Vivrant Sharma Mayank Dagar Upendra Yadav and Mayank Markande as substitutes.RR on the other hand handed debuts to KM Asif and Jason Holder. They named Sandeep Sharma Dhruv Jhurel Murugan Ashwin Navdeep Saini and Donovan Ferreira as substitutes.Yashasvi Jaiswal got RR off to a brisk start. The RR opener got off the mark in style with a four in the first over as he drove one wide of mid off and beat the fielder. He then hit a couple of fours off a flick and loft off Fazal Farooqi as he along with Jos Buttler accumulated 14 runs off the second over.Buttler opened the maximum account as he flicked one effortlessly over deep mid-wicket off Bhuvneshwar Kumar. Jaiswal hit two more fours in the over to make it a 17-run over. The duo then took the attack to Washington Sundar as Buttler cracked consecutive sixes and Jaiswal hammered a four to take 19 runs off the over and bring up RRs 50 in just the fourth over. The carnage continued as Buttler pierced the off side field with four fours off T Natarajan. He brought up his fifty off 20 balls with two more fours and he then hit another one in the over however the Afghanistan pacer bounced back hard and cleaned up Buttler 5422 off the next ball with a superb inswinger to provide some relief to SRH.It was a cracking Powerplay for RR as they scored 85/1 in the first six overs.Jaiswal and captain Sanju Samson contined the momentum with three more fours as RR brought up their 100 in the 8th over. The duo took an aggressive approach against Umran Malik and hit him for 24 from 2 overs as RR reached 121 at the half-way mark.Jaiswal then brought up his fifty off 34 balls and the 50-run stand as well from 36 balls.With the partnership swelling Bhuvneshwar brought back Farooqi and he provided the breakthrough to send back Jaiswal 5437 caught at deep square leg off a short ball.RR lost one more two overs later as Umran Malik came back to clean up Devdutt Padikkal. Amid all the carnage Adil Rashid bowled a good spell of 4-0-33-0. Samson then brought up his fifty off 28 balls.SRH finished well as Natarajan bowled two very good overs and gave away just 10 runs picking up the wickets of Riyan Parag and Sanju Samson 5532. The home side conceded 33 runs from the last four overs as RR posted 203/5 from the 20 overs.

Date 01 Apr 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 3 LSG vs DC - Match Report


Lucknow Super Giants beat Delhi Capitals by 50 runs in Match 3 of TATA IPL 2023 at the Bharat Ratna Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee Ekana Cricket Stadium in Lucknow.Kyle Mayers starred with the bat on his IPL debut with a scintillating 73 off 38 balls while Mark Wood sparkled with the ball with a fiery spell of 5/14 to help LSG win by 50 runs.Chasing 194 David Warner and Prithvi Shaw got DC off to a flier as they unfurled crunching drives powerful pulls and silken flicks to score 40 from the first four overs.KL Rahul then introduced Mark Wood into the attack and he breathed fire as he cleaned up Shaw with a beauty. And then disturbed the timber again next ball to send back Mitchell Marsh with another fast delivery to bring LSG back into the match. DC reached 47/2 at the end of the Powerplay.Wood continued to ramp up pace and picked up his third wicket as he bounced out Sarfaraz Khan who tried to go for an upper cut but was caught at fine leg.Things slowed down drastically for DC and Rossouw then breathed momentum into the innings as he went after Bishnoi and hit a couple of fours and a six in the 10th over to take the visitors to 75/3 at the half-way mark.Bishnoi though bounced back to dismiss Rossouw in his next over and then sent back Rovman Powell as well to jolt DC.Warner who held fort at one end then brought up his fifty off 45 balls as he pushed the accelerator button to score 15 off the Unadkat. But the required rate had gone over 16 by that time. The pressure kept increasing and the wickets kept falling as Avesh removed Aman Khan and Warner 56 48 in the same over.
With 81 needed off four overs DC required a miracle which didnt happen as Wood came back to dismiss Axar Patel 6 off 11 and Chetak Sakariya to complete his five-wicket haul the first of TATA IPL 2023 and help LSG win by 50 runs.


Earlier Delhi Capitals captain David Warner won the toss and elected to field. They named Aman Khan Pravin Dubey Manish Pandey Lalit Yadav and Abhishek Porel as their substitutes. LSG named Yash Thakur K Gowtham Daniel Sams Prerak Mankad and Amit Mishra as their substitutes.The DC pacers Khaleel Ahmed and Mukesh Kumar started off well as they found a hint of movement and bowled with discipline to give away just one four in the first three overs. The pressure was building Rahul tried to release it with a six off Chetan Sakariya but the latter hit back to have him caught at deep square leg a ball later. DC could have had two wickets inside the powerplay but Khaleel Ahmed dropped Mayers at short third man when on 14. The away side restricted LSG to 30/1 in the Powerplay.Mayers finally upped the ante as he smashed a couple of sixes off Mukesh Kumar and then went after Axar Patel to hit a four and a six to provide impetus to the innings. He smacked one over deep square leg off Kuldeep Yadav to bring up his fifty off just 28 balls on IPL debut.Mayers continued to deal in sixes as he hit two more off Axar and then one off Kuldeep but against the run of play Kuldeep struck as he had Hooda caught in the deep. One brought two as Axar cleaned up Mayers for 73 38 with a brilliant delivery that turned miles.Khaleen then came back to have Stoinis caught behind for 1210 to dent LSG. Nicholas Pooran arrived and took the aggressive route and hammered a four and a six in the same over to make sure the pressure was not built.Pooran36 off 21 and Krunal Pandya counter-attacked to stitch together a 48-run stand off 26 balls. And Ayush Badoni then provided the final flourish with a 7-ball 18-run cameo including two sixes in the last over. K Gowtham was then introduced as the Impact Player by LSG and he finished the innings in style with a six to make it 22 off the last over and propel LSG to 193/6.DC brought on Aman Khan as the Impact Player in place of Khaleel Ahmed in the 20th over of the first innings.

Date 01 Apr 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 2 PBKS vs KKR - Match Report


Punjab Kings beat Kolkata Knight Riders by 7 runs via DLS method in Match 2 of the TATA IPL at the Punjab Cricket Association IS Bindra Stadium in Mohali.Bhanuka Rajapaksas free-flowing 50 off 32 balls and Shikhar Dhawans composed 40 29 helped PBKS post a competitive 191/5. Arshdeep Singh led from the front with the ball and bowled a brilliant spell of 3/19 as a collective bowling effort from the bowlers saw PBKS restrict KKR to 146/7. PBKS won the match by 7 runs via the DLS method in the rain-affected match.Chasing 192 KKR got lucky first up as Mandeep Singh survived a run out chance trying to go for a risky single in the first over. The fielder missed a direct hit and Mandeep would have been short. Rahmanullah Gurbaz though got going straight away with a massive six and a flicked four off the Curran over.Mandeeps luck didnt last long as he mistimed a pull straight to deep mid-wicket as Arshdeep Singh struck off his very first ball. Anukul Roy got off the mark with a powerful loft over mid on for four but three balls later Arshdeep sent him back as he mistimed his pull straight to mid-wicket.KKR introduced Venkatesh Iyer as their Impact Player who replaced Varun Chakravarthy. The away side lost another wicket inside the Powerplay as Nathan Ellis cleaned up Gurbaz on 22 off his second ball of the match.Iyer released some pressure as he hit consecutive fours off Sikandar Raza to take KKR to 46/3 at the end of the Powerplay. Captain Nitish Rana kept the scoreboard ticking as he pressed the accelerator button hitting a couple of fours and a six as he and Iyer collected 10 off Raza and 15 runs from the Rishi Dhawan over.However against the run of play Sikandar Raza broke the partnership as he had Rana 24 caught at backward point. KKR lost another one as Rahul Chahar sent back Rinku Singh off his first ball via a googly to peg KKR back. With the run-rate creeping up Russell took the aggressive route and hit 20 off 11 but he then got a reprieve as he top edged a pull off Ellis and the fielder Prabhsimran Singh dropped it. Iyer then smacked a six off a Free-Hit ball from Ellis as the dramatic over cost PBKS 18 runs.Another eventful over followed as Russell hit a six and four off Curran but the England all-rounder bounced back hard to dismiss Russell off the next ball. Shardul arrived at the crease and hit the first ball for a six over deep mid-wicket as the equation came down to 56 needed off 30.Arshdeep came back and picked up Iyers wicket with another short ball as he had him caught at backward point. Narine then hit a six off his second ball before the rain came pelting down and no more play was possible. KKR were seven runs behind on DLS par.
Earlier KKR captain Nitish Rana won the toss and elected to bowl. Rahmanullah Gurbaz was handed his IPL debut as KKR named Suyash Sharma Vaibhav Arora N Jagadeesan Venkatesh Iyer and David Wiese as substitutes. PBKS on the other hand handed debut to Sikandar Raza and named Rishi Dhawan Atharva Taide Matthew Short Harpreet Singh Bhatia and Mohit Rathee as their substitutes.PBKS opener Prabhsimran Singh started off in an aggressive fashion as he flicked the fourth ball of the innings from Umesh Yadav over deep backward square leg for a six as they collected 9 from the first over. Prabhsimran took the attack to Southee in the next over as whipped Southees first ball powerfully to fine leg for a four and then charged down the ground and smacked it wide of mid off for consecutive fours and then smashed one over deep mid-wicket for a six. But it was Southee who had the last laugh as he had Prabhsimran Singh caught behind strangled down the leg side off the final ball of the over.After a quiet over from Umesh Yadav which yielded just a single Shikhar Dhawan got into a groove as he slashed a couple through covers for consecutive fours. Bhanuka Rajapaksa didnt let Sunil Narine settle as he lofted a couple of fours and then hammered a six straight down the ground to accumulate 14 runs off the over.PBKS reached 56/1 at the end of six overs their highest powerplay score vs KKR. Rajapaksa then went after Shardul Thakur and hit him for a four and a six.Dhawan and Rajapaksa continued to attack as they garnered 31 runs off the next three overs as PBKS brought up their 100 in the 10th over. Rajapaksa then brought up his fifty off just 30 balls.KKR desperately needed a wicket at this point. Nitish Rana brought back Umesh Yadav and it worked as he broke the 86-run stand 55 balls by having Rajapaksa caught at long on off a slower one.Rajapaksas wicket didnt deter PBKS from continuing the aggressive approach as Jitesh Sharma attacked from the word go and hit a six each off Narine and Tim SOuthee. The Kiwi pacer however bounced back to outfox Jitesh 21 off 11 with a slower one and have him caught at short third man after being hit for a six off the previous ball.Varun Chakravarthy struck in the next over as he cleaned up the set Dhawan 40 off 29 with a quicker one to jolt PBKS.It was a start-stop kind of finish for PBKS as Sikandar Raza and Sam Curran continued to accelerate and added 25 off 20 balls but Narine bowled a brilliant 18th over to give away just four runs and pick the wicket of Raza as well. Shahrukh Khan 11 off 7 and Sam Curran 26 off 17 then provided the late surge as they added 23 off 13 balls including 15 runs in the last over bowled by Southee to take PBKS to 191/5. PBKS scored 48/1 in the last five overs. Varun Chakravarthy 4-0-26-1 and Umesh Yadav 4-0-27-1 were top performers for KKR while bowling.PBKS brought on Rishi Dhawan as the impact player in the innings break as he replaced Bhanuka Rajapaksa.

Date 31 Mar 2023

TATA IPL 2023 Match 1 GT vs CSK - Match Report


Defending Champions Gujarat Titans started the TATA IPL 2023 on a winning note as they beat Chennai Super Kings by five wickets in the opening match at the Narendra Modi Stadium in Ahmedabad on Friday.Shubman Gills brilliant 63 off 36 balls helped the Titans chase down 179 in a tight finish in Ahmedabad after Ruturaj Gaikwad had lit up the Narendra Modi Stadium with a whirlwind 92 off 50 balls.Rashid Khan played a crucial role for GT as well with figures of 2/26 from four overs and hitting 10 off 3 balls to take the Titans past the finish line along with Rahul Tewatia 15 off 14.Chasing 179 Gujarat Titans got off to a brisk start. Saha and Gill went after the first ever Impact player of the IPL - Tushar Deshpande - who replaced Ambati Rayudu at the start of the second innings as they hit a six and a couple of fours to make it 15 runs off the second over.Saha played the aggressors role as he smashed a pull for a six off Chahar and the heaved one over mid-wicket off debutant Rajvardhan Hangargekar for a four. The debut though bounced back hard to dismiss Saha 25 three balls later as Shivam Dube pouched a brilliant catch at third man.Gujarat Titans introduced B Sai Sudharsan as their Impact Player as he replaced Kane Williamson who injured himself while trying to take a catch on the boundary line. The Impact player made an impact straightaway as he flicked the first ball he faced through square leg for four. Gill then gained momentum as he hit a four and a six off Deshpande to bring up GTs fifty. Sudharsan and Gill hit a four each off Mitchell Santner to end the Powerplay well as GT reached 65/1. Gill and Sudharsan kept the scoreboard ticking and brought up their 50-run stand. CSK needed a wicket at this point. Dhoni brought back Hangargekar and the move worked as he had Sudharsan caught behind for 22.Gill though continued to play his shots as he swept one for four off Jadeja and then lofted the next one over extra cover for a spectacular six. He brought up his fifty off just 30 balls.While Gill was cruising at the other end CSK got a big wicket as Jadeja who had bowled really well cleaned up GT captain Pandya for 8 as he missed his slog sweep. The CSK all-rounder finished with excellent figures of 4-0-28-1.Gill and Shankar got together and added 27 brisk runs off 17 balls but then Dhoni brought back Deshpande in the 15th over the another of his bowling changes worked as he got the big wicket of Gill 63 off 36 after the GT opener had hit him for a six off the previous ball.Santner and Chahar then bowled tight overs and gave away just seven and four runs respectively to build the pressure and bring the equation to 30 needed off 18 balls. Hangargekar then gave away just one run off the first three balls of the 18th over Vijay Shankar released the pressure valve as he thumped a pull over deep mid-wicket for a six. The debutant CSK all-rounder though hit back hard and outfoxed Shankar with a slower one to have him caught brilliantly by Santner at long off. Hangargekar bowled a superb over to give away just seven and take a wicket as well. With 23 needed off 11 Chahar strayed one down the leg side Tewatia missed his flick and it raced away for four leg byes. After a single Rashid Khan got off the mark in style to release the pressure as he hammered one over deep mid-wicket for a powerful six and then slashed one over short third man for a four next ball to bring the equation down to 8 needed off 6 balls.Deshpande started off the final over with a WIDE. Tewatia the finisher then launched one over extra cover for a six and finished the match off in style smashing a four down the ground to win the game for Gujarat by five wickets. Rajvardhan Hangargekar was the shining light for CSK with figures of 3/36 on IPL debut.Earlier Gujarat Titans captain Hardik Pandya won the toss and opted to bowl. Kane Williamson and Josh Little were handed the Gujarat Titans caps. They named B Sai Sudharsan Jayant Yadav Mohit Sharma Abhinav Manohar and Srikar Bharat as substitutes. CSK on the other hand handed debut to all-rounder Rajvardhan Hangargekar and named Tushar Deshpande Subhranshu Senapati Shaik Rasheed Ajinkya Rahane Nishant Sindhu as their substitutes.Mohd. Shami started off well for GT and got a hint of movement early on as he beat Devon Conways outside edge and gave away just two runs in the first over. Ruturaj Gaikwad then opened the boundary account as he flicked one through mid-wicket off Hardik Pandya in the second over and it raced away. Two balls later he blazed one through covers for the second four of the over.Shami was bowling beautifully and he scalped the first wicket of TATA IPL 2023 in the next over as he cleaned up Conway with a beauty to register his 100th IPL wicket.Ruturaj though continued to attack as he pulled the first delivery from Josh Little for a six over fine leg and thumped the next ball through backward point for a four. Moeen Ali then got off the mark as he slashed one through point for a four to make it a 15-run over. Moeen then took the attack to Shami as he smacked two fours and a six off a Free-Hit to garner 17 runs from the over.There was drama in the next over as Hardik Pandya introduced Rashid Khan into the attack. The umpire gave Moeen out LBW off the third ball but the batter reviewed it and replays showed it was pitching outside leg. The decision was reversed. Moeen then smashed the next one straight back past Rashid for four. Rashid though bounced back to have Moeen caught behind off the next ball as CSK reached 51/2 at the end of the Powerplay.Ruturaj though went from strength to strength as he unfurled a couple of beautiful lofts for consecutive sixes off Pandya. He was however lucky to survive as there was a mix up with Stokes but Gill missed his direct hit. Gaikwad had given up.Rashid then struck a crucial blow as she had Stokes caught behind after the England all-rounder had smacked the previous ball down the ground for a four.Ruturaj though was dealing in sixes as he welcomed Alzarri Joseph into the attack with a well-timed flick for a six over deep square leg. He then brought up his fifty in style off just 23 balls with another six as he heaved one over deep square leg for a massive maximum three balls later. It was his fastest IPL half-century and he ended the over with a six as he heaved one over deep backward square leg to make it 18 off the over. The CSK opener brought up his teams 100 as he pulled one over deep square leg for a huge six off Little. The six counter continued as he lofted one over wide long off off Yash Dayal. Rayudu joined the party as he swung one over deep square leg off Dayal for the second six of the over.Gujarat Titans received a blow in the next over as Kane Williamson injured his leg trying to pull off a catch on the boundary line via a spectacular effort.Josh Little finally broke the 51-run partnership as she cleaned up Rayudu for 12 to scalp his maiden IPL wicket. The wicket helped GT pull things back in the next three overs which went for just 19.Gaikwad broke the shackles as he pulled one over deep mid-wicket for yet another six off Rashid. He couldnt get to his century though as he was caught brilliantly by Shubman Gill at long on for 92 50 off a high full toss from Joseph. One brought two as Joseph sent back Jadeja in the same over and finished with figures of 2/33 after going for 18 in his first over.Shivam Dube who had struggled to time the ball then hammered a pull over deep square leg off Shami for a massive 97m six. But Shami continued with the short ball approach and bounced Dube out the next ball.Dhoni then provided the final flourish as he smashed a six and a four off Dayal in the final over to propel CSK to 178/7.Tushar Deshpande became the first Impact Player of the IPL as he replaced Ambati Rayudu at the start of the second innings of the match.

Date 29 May 2022

TATA IPL 2022Men Final GT Vs RR – Match Report


The Gujarat Titans GT were crowned champions of the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 after defeating the Rajasthan Royals RR by 7 wickets on Sunday at the Narendra Modi Stadium in Ahmedabad.
Hardik Pandya led from the front with an all-round performance which powered Gujarat Titans to their maiden IPL title after a clinical 7-wicket victory.
Chasing 131 to win the final GT lost Wriddhiman Saha’s wicket early after Prasidh Krishna went through the opener’s defence and knocked the stumps. Trent Boult added pressure by bowling a magnificent maiden over with the new ball.
Matthew Wade whacked the first six of the innings before the left-handed batter was caught inside the circle as Boult scalped his first wicket. Shubman Gill creamed a four at the end of the powerplay as GT moved to 31/2 after 6 overs.
Skipper Hardik Pandya joined Gill but RR kept things tight with the ball and created pressure. GT were placed at 54/2 at the halfway stage and required 77 off the final ten overs.
Pandya switched gears and added two fours followed by a maximum against Ashwin as the fifty partnership was up for the third wicket.
Yuzvendra Chahal put an end to the partnership with a brilliant delivery that turned sharply to dismiss the GT skipper who was caught at first slip.
GT were 97/3 before David Miller who walked in next conveniently took the pressure away with his elegant strokes and brought the equation down to 22 off 24.
Miller added two more fours as the next over produced 13 runs. Gill who anchored the innings brilliantly at the other end finished the game in style with a maximum as GT chased down the total with eleven balls to spare.

Earlier RR who opted to bat first remained unchanged while GT made one change - Lockie Ferguson replaced Alzarri Joseph in the eleven.
RR openers – Jos Buttler and Yashasvi Jaiswal started cautiously with the bat after the GT pace attacks added pressure with the new ball.
Jaiswal was on the move with two sixes before the RR opener was caught by Sai Kishore off Yash Dayal’s bowling in the fourth over. Skipper Sanju Samson joined Buttler at the crease as RR moved to 45/1 at the end of the powerplay.
Buttler then took on Ferguson’s fiery pace and struck two consecutive fours. GT skipper Hardik Pandya introduced himself into the attack and dismissed the opposition skipper after Samson miscued the shot and was caught by Sai Kishore.
RR were placed at 71/2 at the halfway stage as Buttler ensured the flow of boundaries from one end. Rashid Khan was finally rewarded with a wicket after being economical in his first two overs as Devdutt Padikkal was caught at backward point.
Pandya claimed his second wicket to dismiss the dangerous Buttler who was caught behind for 39. RR were 6 down after they lost the wickets of Shimron Hetmyer and Ravi Ashwin in quick succession.
While Hetmyer was caught and bowled by Pandya David Miller took Ashwin’s catch at long-on off R Sai Kishore’s bowling. Trent Boult was the next batter to depart after Rahul Tewatia grabbed the catch and Sai Kishore claimed his second wicket.
Mohammad Shami uprooted the off-stump to dismiss Riyan Parag on the final delivery of the innings and conceded only 7 runs as Rajasthan Royals finished with a total of 130/9.
Brief ScoresGujarat Titans133/3 Shubman Gill 45* Hardik Pandya 34 Trent Boult 1-14beat Rajasthan Royals130/9 Jos Buttler 39 Yashasvi Jaiswal 22 Hardik Pandya 3-17by 7 wickets.

Date 28 May 2022

WT20 Challenge 2022 Final SNO Vs VEL – Match Report


Supernovas were crowned champions of the My 11 Circle Women’s T20 Challenge 2022 after beating Velocity by 4 runs on Saturday at the Maharashtra Cricket Association Stadium in Pune.
Deandra Dottin scored a magnificent 6244 and scalped two wickets as Supernovas sealed a final-ball victory to claim their third title.
Chasing 166 to win openers – Shafali Verma and Yastika Bhatia were off to a flier and Velocity were 28-0 in the first two overs. However Deandra Dottin dismissed Shafali Verma in the next over after the Velocity opener was caught behind.
The Velocity openers were back in the hut after Yastika Bhatia was caught and bowled by Sophie Ecclestone. The left-arm spinner then crashed the stumps of Kiran Navgire and Velocity were 38/3 at the end of the powerplay.
Natthakan Chantham was the next batter to depart after she was trapped LBW by Pooja Vastrakar and Velocity were reeling at 61/4 at the halfway stage.
Velocity lost half their side after skipper Deepti Sharma holed out to long-on against Alana King. The required run-rate went in excess of twelve as Velocity required 91 runs in the final seven overs with Laura Wolvaardt and Sneh Rana in the middle.
Wolvaardt kept the scoreboard ticking as the 100 was up for Velocity before Alana King dismissed Sneh Rana and Radha Yadav on consecutive deliveries.
New batter Kate Cross creamed two fours before the right-handed batter was caught behind off Deandra Dottin who scalped her second wicket.
Wolvaardt hammered her second six of the innings and reached her half-century but the Velocity batter kept running out of partners at the other end. Velocity required 34 off 12 after new batter Simran Bahadur crunched a six over long-on.
Bahadur further creamed three fours in a row which brought the equation down to 17 off the final over. Wolvaardt smacked the first ball for six but Ecclestone held her nerves and successfully defended the total after Velocity needed six off the final delivery.

Earlier Supernovas were put in to bat first by Velocity. While team Velocity remained unchanged Supernovas made two changes after Mansi Joshi and Rashi Kanojiya were named in the eleven.
After only eleven runs in the first two overs Priya Punia struckthe first six of the innings. Deandra Dottin at the other end got a reprieve before the opener dispatched consecutive sixes against Sneh Rana as Supernovas reached 46/0 at the end of the powerplay.
Velocity continued their search for the opening breakthrough as the fifty partnership was up between Punia and Dottin. Both – Punia and Dottin added a six each before the 73-run partnership finally came to an end after Punia was caught by Laura Wolvaardt off Simran Bahadur’s bowling.
Supernovas were 78/1 at the halfway mark before Dottin reached her fifty in style with a flat six. Skipper Harmanpreet Kaur then got into the act and smacked her first six of the innings as the hundred was up for the Supernovas in the 12thover.
Harmanpreet got into the action with two sixes and a four in the 14thover as the fifty partnership was up for the second wicket in just 29 deliveries. However Velocity skipper Deepti Sharma rattled the stumps of Dottin who was dismissed on 62.
Supernovas were 138-2 at the end of 16 overs before Ayabonga Khakha knocked the stumps of Pooja Vastrakar. Velocity bounced back into the game after Cross scalped two wickets in an over including the big dismissal of Harmanpreet Kaur.
Skipper Deepti Sharma claimed her second wicket after Sune Luus was caught at long-off. Simran Bahadur then dismissed Harleen Deol on the final ball of the innings and Supernovas finished the twenty overs with a total of 165/7 on the board.
Brief ScoresSupernovas165/7 Deandra Dottin 62 Harmanpreet Kaur 43 Deepti Sharma 2-20beatVelocity161/8 Laura Wolvaardt 65* Simran Bahadur 20* Alana King 3-32by 4 runs.

Date 27 May 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Qualifier 2 RR Vs RCB – Match Report


The Rajasthan Royals RR marched to the finals of the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 with a comprehensive 7-wicket win over the Royal Challengers Bangalore RCB on Friday at the Narendra Modi Stadium in Ahmedabad.
A spectacular batting display by Jos Buttler who slammed his fourth century of the season powered RR to a clinical 7-wicket win and sealed their spot for the final.
Chasing 158 to win RR were off to a flier after Yashasvi Jaiswal whacked two sixes and a four in the first over. Jos Buttler at the other end took Siraj to the cleaners and punched two fours and a massive six.
RR added 19 off the fifth over after Buttler attacked Shahbaz Ahmed’s spin in the 5thover. Josh Hazlewood provided the opening wicket for RCB after Jaiswal was caught at point but RR were going strong with 67/1 at the end of the powerplay.
Buttler creamed a four to reach his fifty and was joined by skipper Sanju Samson. The duo continued the easy flow of runs and RR were comfortably placed at the halfway stage at 103/1 after 10 overs.
The fifty partnership was up for the second wicket before the RR skipper was out stumped against Hasaranga.
The equation was down to run-a-ball for RR as Devdutt Padikkal joined the well-set Buttler at the crease. After a couple of quiet overs Buttler clubbed two sixes against Hasaranga to bring the equation down to 18 off 24.
While the RR opener moved into the nineties Hazlewood scalped his second wicket to dismiss Padikkal who was caught behind in the 17thover.
Buttler reached his fourth century of the season and finished the game in style with a maximum as RR successfully chased down the target with 11 balls to spare.

Earlier RCB were put in to bat first as both teams remained unchanged. Virat Kohli hit the first six of the innings before the RCB opener was caught behind off Trent Boult’s bowling.
Rajat Patidar who joined skipper Faf du Plessis at the crease played two exceptional shots for four in the final over of the powerplay and was given a reprieve as RCB moved to 46/1.
The fifty partnership was up for the second wicket but RR kept things tight with the ball as RCB were placed at 74/1 at the halfway mark.
Obed McCoy put an end to the partnership after dismissing du Plessis who was caught at short-third man. New batter Glenn Maxwell made an immediate impact with a straight six against Ashwin.
The next over produced 15 runs after Maxwell crunched a four and six each against Chahal. However Obed McCoy’s brilliant catch in the outfield off Boult put an end to Maxwell’s quick-fire knock.
Patidar reached his fifty in style with a maximum but the explosive right-handed batter was caught at long-off in an attempt to clear the ropes against Ashwin.
McCoy scalped his second wicket to dismiss Mahipal Lomror and RCB were 146/5 with two overs to go. Prasidh Krishna dismissed Karthik and Wanindu Hasaranga on consecutive deliveries in the penultimate over.
Only three runs were conceded in the final over of the innings bowled by Obed McCoy who took his third wicket in the form of Harshal Patel as RCB posted 157/8 in the first innings.
Brief ScoresRajasthan Royals161/3 Jos Buttler 106* Sanju Samson 23 Josh Hazlewood 2-23beat Royal Challengers Bangalore157/8 Rajat Patidar 58 Faf du Plessis 25 Prasidh Krishna 3-22by 7 wickets.

Date 26 May 2022

WT20 Challenge 2022 Match 3 VEL Vs TBL – Match Report


Trailblazers sealed a victory in the third match of the My 11 Circle Women’s T20 Challenge 2022 after beating Velocity by 16 runs on Thursday at the Maharashtra Cricket Association Stadium in Pune.
S Meghana and Jemimah Rodrigues excelled with the bat as the Trailblazers registered a 16-run victory but a better Net Run Rate ensured Team Velocity’s progress to the finals.
Chasing 191 for victory Velocity openers – Shafali Verma and Yatika Bhatia got the side to a great start and Velocity were 32/0 after 3 overs.
Velocity however lost both the openers inside the powerplay. While Salma Khatun rattled the stumps to dismiss Bhatia Shafali Verma was trapped LBW by Rajeshwari Gayakwad.
New batter KP Navgire announced her arrival with two giant sixes and Velocity were placed at 68-2 at the end of the powerplay.
Laura Wolvaardt carried her form from the previous game and stitched a vital fifty-run partnership with Navgire by playing second fiddle. The hundred was up for Velocity in the 10thover before Wolvaardt was caught behind off Poonam Yadav’s bowling.
Skipper Deepti Sharma was the next batter to depart after Smriti Mandhana grabbed a sharp catch at short mid-wicket off Gayakwad’s bowling.
Navgire at the other end smacked consecutive sixes and reached her half-century in style. Velocity were 143/4 at the end of 15 overs before Renuka Singh dismissed Sneh Rana as skipper Smriti Mandhana grabbed her second catch of the innings.
Velocity lost two more wickets in quick succession. While Sophia Dunkley put an end to Navgire’s superb 69-run knock a direct-hit from Jemimah Rodrigues dismissed Radha Yadav in the 18thover.
Hayley Matthews rattled the stumps of Simran Bahadur to claim her first wicket. Poonam Yadav successfully defended 24 runs in the final over as Trailblazers won by 16 runs but Trailblazers stormed to the finals after finishing with a better Net Run Rate.

Earlier Trailblazers were put in to bat first by Velocity. Sabbhineni Meghana who opened the innings for trailblazers started confidently with two fours in the first over.
However skipper Smriti Mandhana was dismissed early in the innings after Kate Cross scalped her first wicket. Velocity moved to 47/1 at the end of the powerplay after Jemimah Rodrigues started positively with the bat and joined Meghana at the crease.
Meghana continued the aggressive intent and smacked the first six off the innings facing Radha Yadav’s bowling. The fifty partnership was up for the second wicket as both Meghana and Rodrigues maintained positive intent with the bat.
Meghana reached her half-century off 32 deliveries and Trailblazers were going strong at the 10-over mark with 86-1 on board. Rodrigues supported Meghana perfectly from the other end and reached her fifty in the 14thover as the hundred partnership was up for the second wicket.
Sneh Rana put an end to the huge stand after Meghana was caught at long-off by Kate Cross. Rodrigues did not let the momentum slip away by maintaining the striking rate after the Trailblazers batter was dropped twice.
New batter Hayley Matthews struck consecutive fours but Rodrigues was finally caught off Ayabonga Khakha’s bowling in the 17thover.
Trailblazers were 168-3 before Matthews and Sophia Dunkley provided an excellent finishing touch. While both batters were dismissed in the final over off Simran Bahadur’s bowling Trailblazers posted a competitive total of 190/4 in the first innings.
Brief ScoresTrailblazers190/5 S Meghana 73 Jemimah Rodrigues 66 Simran Bahadur 2-31beatVelocity174/9 K P Navgire 69 Shafali Verma 29 Poonam Yadav 2-33by 16 runs.

Date 25 May 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Eliminator  LSG Vs RCB – Match Report


The Royal Challengers Bangalore RCB sealed their spot in Qualifier 2 of the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 campaign with a 14-run win over the Lucknow Super Giants LSG on Wednesday at the Eden Gardens in Kolkata.
Rajat Patidar’s incredible maiden IPL century and Josh Hazlewood’s crucial three-wicket haul powered RCB to a 14-run victory in a high-scoring thriller.
Chasing a challenging target of 208 LSG lost Quinton de Kock’s wicket in the very first over after the opener was caught inside the circle off Mohammed Siraj’s bowling. Manan Vohra upped the scoring rate with two sixes before the right-handed batter was dismissed by Josh Hazlewood.
LSG moved to 67-2 at the end of the powerplay after skipper KL Rahul smashed a four followed by two maximums against Siraj.
Deepak Hooda joined the LSG skipper in the middle and the duo stitched a vital partnership for the third wicket to keep the side alive in the chase as they were placed at 89-2 at the halfway mark.
Rahul reached his half-century in style with a maximum and maintained the scoring rate as LSG required 83 off the final six overs.
Hooda tonked two sixes against Hasaranga but the RCB spinner had the last laugh as he rattled the stumps to end Hooda’s fine knock of 45.
New batter Marcus Stoinis was off the mark with a huge maximum while Rahul switched gears to add two more sixes which brought the equation down to 41 off 18.
Harshal Patel claimed the crucial wicket of Stoinis which helped RCB pull things back as LSG needed 33 off 12.
Hazlewood bowled a sensational penultimate over and claimed two wickets on consecutive deliveries including the massive breakthrough of Rahul as the LSG skipper was caught on 79.
Harshal Patel successfully defended 24 runs in the final over and RCB won the game by 14 runs and sealed their spot in Qualifier 2.

Earlier RCB who were put in to bat first made one change – Mohammed Siraj replaced Siddharth Kaul in the eleven. Meanwhile Krunal Pandya and Dushmantha Chameera were named in LSG’s eleven.
Mohsin Khan made an impact straight away after RCB skipper – Faf du Plessis was caught behind on the first delivery he faced.
LSG pacers added pressure with the new ball but opener Virat Kohli and Rajat Patidar batted steadily and moved RCB to 52/1 at the end of the powerplay. Patidar whacked three fours and a six in the 6thover which produced 20 runs.
Avesh Khan put an end to the fifty-run partnership after Kohli was caught at third-man. RCB were 84-2 at the halfway stage as Patidar who kept the boundaries flowing reached his half-century.
Glenn Maxwell struck his first six straight down the ground but the RCB batter failed to clear the ropes against Krunal Pandya in the next over and was caught at deep square leg.
RCB didn’t lose momentum as the next over produced 16 runs after Mahipal Lomror creamed consecutive fours. Bishnoi claimed his first wicket in the form of Lomror who was caught inside the circle.
Patidar took Bishnoi to the cleaners after the right-handed batter hammered three sixes and two fours in the 16thover.
Dinesh Karthik who was given a reprieve in the 15thover creamed three fours against Avesh Khan while Patidar crunched a maximum to bring up a sensational ton off just 49 deliveries.
The 200 was up for RCB after 34 runs were conceded in the final two overs courtesy an excellent striking display by the Patidar-Kartik duo as RCB posted 207/4 in the first innings.
Brief ScoresRoyal Challengers Bangalore207/4 Rajat Patidar 112* Dinesh Karthik 37* Mohsin Khan 1/25beat Lucknow Super Giants193/6 KL Rahul 79 Deepak Hooda 45 Josh Hazlewood 3/43beat by 14 runs.

Date 24 May 2022

WT20 Challenge 2022 Match 2 VEL Vs SNO – Match Report


The Velocity sealed a victory in the second match of the My 11 Circle Women’s T20 Challenge 2022 after beating the Supernovas by 7 wickets on Tuesday at the Maharashtra Cricket Association Stadium in Pune.
Fifties from Shafali Verma and Laura Wolvaardt guided Velocity to a seven-wicket victory after they chased down the target with ten balls to spare.
Chasing 151 to win Velocity lost Natthakan Chantham’s wicket early after the opener was caught at first slip off Pooja Vastrakar’s bowling.
Shafali Varma got off to a bright start at the other end after hitting four fours in the first three overs. The fifty partnership was up for the second wicket as Shafali continued the easy flow of runs while Yastika Bhatia played second fiddle.
Deandra Dottin put an end to the partnership after Yastika Bhatia was bowled for 17. Shafali Verma reached to her half-century in just 30 deliveries and was joined by Laura Wolvaardt at the other end.
Supernovas skipper Harmapreet Kaur grabbed a brilliant catch at short-third man to put an end to Shafali Verma’s innings as Velocity were placed at 92/3 after 11 overs.
Laura Wolvaardt and skipper Deepti Sharma did not let the momentum flow away and stitched a vital partnership with Wolvaardt doing the majority of the hitting.
The fifty partnership was up for the duo and the equation was down to 13 off 18 for Velocity. Wolvaardt clubbed a six to bring her half-century in style as Velocity chased down the target 10 balls to spare.

Earlier Velocity won the toss and opted to bowl first. Supernovas lost two early wickets after Kate Cross struck twice with the new ball to dismiss Priya Punia and Harleen Deol.
Skipper Deepti Sharma added further pressure on the Supernovas after scalping the big wicket of Deandra Dottin. The half-century was up for Shafali in just 30 deliveries as Velocity moved to 77-2 after 9 overs.
Supernovas were struggling at 29/3 at the end of the powerplay before Taniya Bhatia and skipper Harmanpreet Kaur led the side’s recovery. The fifty was up for Supernovas after the 8thover produced 15 runs including three fours.
The fifty partnership was up for the fourth wicket as Supernovas moved to 83-3 after Harmanpreet Kaur crunched a six straight down the ground in the 13thover.
The partnership came to an end after Taniya Bhatia was run-out for 36. The fifty was up for Harmanpreet Kaur and the Supernovas skipper accelerated by hammering two fours and a six in the 18thover.
Harmanpreet Kaur’s magnificent knock of 71 came to an end after Radha Yadhav rattled the stumps to scalp her first wicket.
Supernovas scored 12 off the final over to reach a competitive total of 150/5 in the first innings after Sune Luus creamed two fours.
Brief ScoresVelocity151/3 Laura Wolvaardt 51* Shafali Verma 51 Deandra Dottin 2-21beatSupernovas150/5 Harmanpreet Kaur 71 Taniya Bhatia 36 Kate Cross 2-24by 7 wickets.

Date 24 May 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Qualifier 1 GT Vs RR – Match Report


The Gujarat Titans GT marched into the finals of the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 campaign with a 7-wicket win over the Rajasthan Royals SRH on Tuesday at the Eden Gardens in Kolkata.
David Miller stepped up to the challenge and scored an unbeaten 68*38 which powered Gujarat Titans to a successful chase and a place in the finals.
Chasing 189 for a place in the finals GT lost Wriddhiman Saha’s wicket in the first over after the wicket-keeper batter was caught behind off Trent Boult’s bowling.
Matthew Wade and Shubman Gill negated the pressure of an early wicket as Wade was in attacking mode after smacking five fours at the top.
Gill took Ashwin to the cleaners after the opener clubbed two fours and a six as GT were placed at 64-1 at the end of the powerplay.
A confusion in the middle led to the run-out of Shubman Gill which brought an end to the dangerous-looking partnership.
Skipper Hardik Pandya was out in the middle but GT lost another wicket after Wade holed out to the deep off Obed McCoy’s bowling. David Miller joined skipper Hardik in the middle as GT were 97-3 at the 10-over mark.
RR added pressure after conceding only 17 runs in the next three overs. Pandya played a release shot against Ashwin while Miller dispatched his first six as GT required 50 off the final five overs.
The 150 was up for GT as Miller and Pandya took calculated risks to get GT closer to the target. Miller whacked a maximum straight down the ground to bring the equation down to 23 off 12.
Miller reached his half-century in the penultimate over before the left-handed batter wrapped the chase with three sixes in the first three deliveries of the final over.

Earlier RR were put in to bat first by GT. Jos Buttler was off the mark with two well-timed fours in the first over. However RR lost Yashasvi Jaiswal’s wicket early after the opener was caught behind off Yash Dayal’s bowling.
Sanju Samson was immediately on the move after the RR skipper clobbered three sixes inside the powerplay and RR were 55-1 at the end of the six overs.
The fifty partnership was up between Samson and Buttler but Rashid Khan kept things tight from one end after conceding eight runs in his first two overs.
R Sai Kishore put an end to the partnership after Samson was caught at long-on for 47 and RR were placed at 79/2 at the 10-over mark.
Buttler was joined by Devdutt Padikkal who cleared the ropes against Sai Kishore to bring up his first maximum as the duo kept the runs ticking. GT skipper Hardik Pandya provided the next breakthrough after Padikkal dragged the delivery on to the stumps.
The half-century was up for Buttler after the opener added four fours against Yash Dayal in the 17thover and was given a reprieve.
Buttler with luck by his side added three more fours in the 18thover while Shimron Hetmyer was caught in the deep in the next over bowled by Shami.
Buttler was run-out in the final over not before the RR opener hammered a six each against Shami and Yash Dayal. A confusion in the middle led to the run-out of Riyan Parag before RR reached to 188/6 at the end of 20 overs.
Brief ScoresGujarat Titans191/3 David Miller 62* Hardik Pandya 40* Trent Boult 1-38beat Rajasthan Royals188/6 Jos Buttler 89 Sanju Samson 47 Hardik Pandya 1-14by 7 wickets.

Date 23 May 2022

My11Circle Women’s T20 Challenge Match 1 TBL vs SNO – Match Report


The Supernovas registered a victory in the opening match of the My 11 Circle Women’s T20 Challenge 2022 after beating the Trailblazers by 49 runs on Monday at the Maharashtra Cricket Association Stadium in Pune.
Harmanpreet Kaur led from the front with the bat while Pooja Vastrakar claimed a brilliant four-wicket haul powering Supernovas to a clinical 49-run victory.
Chasing 164 for victory Trailblazers were off to a fine start after Hayley Matthews’ power-hitting and Smriti Mandhana’s elegant shots helped Trailblazers move to 34/0 after 4 overs.
Pooja Vastrakar provided the opening breakthrough for Supernovas after Hayley Mathews was caught behind and the Trailblazers were 48-1 at the end of the powerplay.
Jemimah Rodrigues joined skipper Smriti Mandhana who continued the flow of runs from one end before the Trailblazers lost two wickets in quick succession.
Priya Punia grabbed two sharp catches off Pooja Vastrakar’s bowling to dismiss skipper Smriti Mandhana and Sophia Dunkley.
The Supernovas were on top after Alana King rattled the stumps of Sharmin Akhter in the next over. Trailblazers lost two more wickets after Richa Ghosh was caught inside the circle off Sophie Ecclestone’s bowling while Arundhati Reddy was run-out on the next ball.
Pooja Vastrakar finished her spell with a four-wicket haul after Salma Khatun was caught at the covers by Ecclestone.
Jemimah Rodrigues’ 24-run knock came to an end after Harleen Deol dived forward and took a brilliant catch off Meghna Singh’s bowling.
Alana King scalped her second wicket after Poonam Yadav was caught in the deep as Supernovas won the game by 49 runs at the end.

Earlier Harmanpreet Kaur won the toss and Supernovas opted to bat first. Priya Punia displayed positive intent after smacking a maximum straight down the ground in the first over.
Deandra Dottin then took over and creamed three fours in the third over. The fifty partnership was up for the pair as Dottin continued to strike the ball cleanly. However a successful direct-hit from Renuka Singh in the fifth over put an end to Dottin’s knock of 32.
The Supernovas were placed at 58-1 at the end of the powerplay before Hayley Matthews cleaned up Priya Punia to scalp her first wicket.
Harleen Deol who struck consecutive fours in the 8thover was joined by skipper Harmanpreet Kaur as Supernovas reached the 100-run mark. Salma Khatun struck in the second over of her spell after Harleen Deol was trapped LBW in the 12thover.
Supernovas further lost two wickets in quick succession after Sune Luus and Alana King were caught inside the circle facing Rajeshwari Gayakwad and Salma Khatun respectively.
Skipper Harmanpreet Kaur kept scoring runs at brisk pace after adding consecutive fours off Gayakwad’s bowling. Supernovas moved to 149/5 with two overs to go.
Trailblazers struck twice in the penultimate over. While Poonam Yadav dismissed Pooja Vastrakar a confusion in the middle led to the run-out of Harmanpreet Kaur.
Supernovas were all out for 163 in the first innings after Hayley Matthews claimed two wickets in addition to a run-out in the final over.
Brief ScoresSupernovas163 all out Harmanpreet Kaur 37 Harleen Deol 35 Hayley Matthews 3-29beat Trailblazers114/9 Smriti Mandhana 34 Jemimah Rodrigues 24 Pooja Vastrakar 4-12by 49 runs.

Date 22 May 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 70 SRH Vs PBKS – Match Report


The Punjab Kings PBKS concluded their TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 campaign with a 5-wicket victory over the Sunrisers Hyderabad SRH on Sunday at the Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai.
Harpreet Brar shined with a three-wicket haul while Liam Livingstone slammed a quick-fire 49*22 as PBKS successfully chased down the target with more than four overs to spare.
Chasing 158 for victory Jonny Bairstow hit the ground running and got PBKS off to a confident start before the opener was castled by Fazalhaq Farooqi in the third over.
Shikhar Dhawan and Shahrukh Khan guided PBKS to 62/1 at the end of the powerplay after Dhawan clubbed consecutive sixes against Suchith. However PBKS lost Shahrukh’s wicket in the next over after the right-handed batter miscued a shot against Umran Malik.
PBKS then lost Mayank Agarwal’s wicket in the next over after the skipper was caught in the deep. Liam Livingstone who joined Dhawan didn’t take time to settle as the all-rounder announced his entry by dispatching three sixes. SRH were placed at 97/3 at the 10-over mark.
The dangerous 41-run partnership was put to an end by Farooqi who uprooted the off-stump to dismiss Dhawan on 39.
Next batter Jitesh Sharma was off the mark with a four as he continued to play the attacking shots before the wicketkeeper-batter holed out to long-on against Suchith.
23 runs were conceded in the 15th over after Livingstone hammered two sixes and as many fours against Romario Shepherd. Prerak Mankad hit the winning runs and PBKS won by 5 wickets with more than four overs to spare.

Earlier SRH who opted to bat first made two changes – Romario Shephard and Jagadeesha Suchith were named in the eleven meanwhile PBKS added Nathan Ellis Shahrukh Khan and Prerak Mankad to their lineup.
Kagiso Rabada provided the opening breakthrough for Punjab Kings after Priyam Garg was caught by Mayank Agarwal inside the circle. Abhishek Sharma and Rahul Tripathi moved SRH to 43/1 after Tripathi smacked the first six of the innings in the 6thover.
Harpreet Brar put an end to the 47-run partnership after Tripathi was caught at short fine leg.
SRH were 71/2 at the halfway mark before Brar took his second wicket to dismiss Abhishek Sharma on 43 courtesy a splendid catch in the outfield by Liam Livingstone.
SRH were in trouble after losing the next two wickets in quick succession. While Nicholas Pooran was caught behind off Nathan Ellis Brar claimed his third wicket in the form of Aiden Markram after Jitesh Sharma produced a fine stumping behind the stumps.
SRH were 99/5 at the end of 16 overs before Romario Shepherd and Washington Sundar stitched a vital partnership and were on the attack by adding 36 runs in the next two overs.
The fifty partnership was up for the 6thwicket before Ellis claimed two wickets on consecutive deliveries in the final over. Skipper Bhuvneshwar Kumar was run-out for 1 as SRH reached 157-8 in the first innings.
Brief ScoresPunjab Kings160/5 Liam Livingstone 49* Shikhar Dhawan 39 Fazalhaq Farooqi 2-32beat Sunrisers Hyderabad157/8 Abhishek Sharma 43 Romario Shepherd 26* Harpreet Brar 3-26by 5 wickets.

Date 21 May 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 69 MI Vs DC – Match Report


The Mumbai Indians MI signed off their TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 campaign with a 5-wicket victory after beating the Delhi Capitals DC on Saturday at the Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai.
Jasprit Burmah’s impressive 3-wicket haul reduced DC to 159-7 in the first innings before Ishan Kishan’s measured 48 and Tim David’s impactful cameo got MI over the line.
Chasing 160 for victory MI were 15/0 in the first two overs after Ishan Kishan kicked off his innings with two fours and a six. Khaleel Ahmed however mounted pressure from one end after conceding only 2 runs in his first two overs.
The pressure added by DC was finally rewarded after Nortje dismissed Rohit Sharma as MI were 27/1 at the end of the powerplay. Dewald Brevis who joined Kishan at the crease played a release shot for six following a quiet couple of overs.
Kuldeep Yadav’s second over produced 18 runs after Kishan and Brevis hammered a six each. The fifty partnership was up for the second wicket but MI lost Kishan’s wicket after the left-handed batter was caught at long-on.
Tilak Varma then joined Brevis who was given a reprieve in the 12thover and MI required 68 off 36 deliveries.
MI lost their third wicket after Brevis dragged Shardul Thakur’s delivery onto the stumps. Tim David clubbed his first six of the innings which brought the equation down to 59 off 30 for MI.
Tilak Varma and Tim David snatched the momentum back for MI with a 17-run over as MI required 29 off the final three overs.
Tim David dispatched consecutive sixes before the explosive MI batter was caught inside the circle. MI lost Tilak Varma’s wicket in the penultimate over but Ramandeep Singh took MI over the line as they successfully chased down the target with 5 balls to spare.

Earlier DC who were put in to bat first made one change – Prithvi Shaw replaced Lalit Yadav in the eleven while MI included Dewald Brevis and Hrithik Shokeen in their lineup were named in the eleven.
David Warner and Prithvi Shaw got DC off to a steady start. Shaw crunched the first six but it didn’t take too long for MI pacers to make an impact after DC lost the wickets of David Warner and Mitchell Marsh in quick succession as Dan Sams and Jasprit Bumrah claimed a wicket each.
Bumrah then claimed the big wicket of Shaw who was caught behind in the final over of the powerplay as DC were placed at 37/3 at the end of 6 overs. DC lost their fourth wicket inside the first ten overs after Sarfaraz Khan was caught behind off Mayank Markande’s bowling.
DC were 55-4 at the halfway stage before skipper Rishabh Pant and Rovman Powell led the side’s recovery. 20 runs were conceded in the 12thover after Powell launched two sixes followed by a four.
A crucial fifty partnership was up for the 5thwicket and DC were 106/4 with five overs to go.
Ramandeep Singh’s eventful over produced 19 runs but the pacer managed to scalp Pant’s wicket after the DC skipper was caught behind.
Burmah continued his excellent bowling performance and castled Powell with a yorker to put an end to an explosive innings. Ramandeep scalped his second wicket in the final over but a six from Axar Patel powered DC to 159/7 in the first innings.
Brief ScoresMumbai Indians160/5 Ishan Kishan 48 Dewald Brevis 37 Shardul Thakur 2-32beat Delhi Capitals159/7 Rovman Powell 43 Rishabh Pant 39 Jasprit Bumrah 3-25by 5 wickets.

Date 20 May 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 68 RR Vs CSK – Match Report


Rajasthan Royals RR overcame a Moeen Ali show and beat Chennai Super Kings CSK by five wickets in Match No. 68 of the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 at the Brabourne Stadium – CCI in Mumbai on Friday and with it sealed a top two finish on the points table going into the Playoffs.
Needing 151 runs to win Yashasvi Jaiswal gave RR a cracking start even as Jos Buttler got out in the second over off Simarjeet Singh.
Jaiswal and RR captain Sanju Samson then added 51 runs for the second-wicket stand. But the partnership was broken in the 9thover as Mitchell Santner took a stunning return catch on his bowling to dismiss Samson. Moeen then disturbed the timber as RR lost their third wicket in the form of Devdutt Padikkal.
Jaiswal meanwhile stayed put and brought up an impressive half-century and took RR past hundred. But he and Shimron Hetmyer were dismissed in the space of eight runs as Prashant Solanki struck twice.
R Ashwin though brought all his experience into play and scored a superb 23-ball 40* hitting 2 fours and 3 sixes and added an unbroken 39-run stand with Riyan Parag to take RR home with 2 balls to spare.

Earlier RR and CSK who elected to bat made a change each bringing in Shimron Hetmyer and Ambati Rayudu respectively.
RR found an early success as Trent Boult dismissed Ruturaj Gaikwad in the first over. While Prasidh Krishna bowled a tight over from the other end Devon Conway and Moeen hit 4 fours and 2 sixes in the next two overs as CSK shifted gears.
Moeen then took on R Ashwin creaming 16 runs in his first over and then went berserk with 6 4 4 4 4 4 in the final over of the powerplay against Boult bringing up a 19-ball fifty to take CSK to 75/1.
RR were looking for a breakthrough and Ashwin provided them one with as he got Conway out LBW in the eighth over. Obed McCoy was introduced into the attack in the ninth over and he struck straightaway getting out N Jagadeesan.
Ambati Rayudu was the next man to get out as Devdutt Padikkal took a good catch in the slip off Yuzvendra Chahal as RR continued to pull things back.
MS Dhoni then got reprieves – one each off Chahal and McCoy – as Samson could not latch on to two tough chances.
While Dhoni and Moeen who scored a majestic 93 added 51 runs together RR eventually managed to limit CSK to 150/6 conceding just 75 runs after the powerplay.
Brief Scores Rajasthan Royals151/5 Yashasvi Jaiswal 59 R Ashwin 40* Prashant Solanki 2/20beat Chennai Super Kings150/6 Moeen Ali 93 MS Dhoni 26 Obed McCoy 2/20 by five wickets.

Date 19 May 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 67 RCB Vs GT – Match Report


Virat Kohli starred with the bat while Glenn Maxwell put on a superb all-round show as the Faf du Plessis-led Royal Challengers Bangalore RCB beat Gujarat Titans GT by 8 wickets in Match No. 67 of the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 at the Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai on Thursday.
Needing 169 runs to win RCB rode their luck and made the most of it as du Plessis and Kohli kept the scorecard ticking and gave the team a solid start scoring 55 runs in the powerplay.
While du Plessis stayed put Kohli was on a roll with the bat as he dealt with pace and spin with equal ease and completed his second fifty of the season in 33 balls.
He and du Plessis continued their solid show with the bat and brought up the hundred-run opening stand in the 12thover.
GT finally managed to break the opening stand as Rashid Khan dismissed the RCB skipper in the 15thover as Hardik Pandya took the catch. GT almost had another wicket in the same over but Glenn Maxwell enjoyed a stroke of luck as the bails despite being struck by the ball were not dislodged.
The big-hitting right-hander then creamed two sixes and a four off Hardik in the next over.
Rashid then got Kohli out in the 17thover but not before the stylish right-hander had scored a dazzling 73 off 54 balls in the chase paving way to RCB’s victory.
Maxwell though continued to his merry ways and hammered an unbeaten 40 off 18 balls as RCB registered their eighth win of the season with 8 balls to spare.

Earlier GT who elected to bat brought in Lockie Ferguson in their Playing XI while and RCB picked Siddarth Kaul in place of Mohammed Siraj.
While Wriddhiman Saha set the ball rolling for GT hitting two fours and a six in the first over bowled by Kaul RCB got their first breakthrough as Maxwell grabbed a stunner off Josh Hazlewood in the third over to dismiss Shubman Gill.
Maxwell then struck with the ball trapping Matthew Wade before the wickets to give RCB their second breakthrough in the powerplay.
GT captain Hardik Pandya and Saha then added 24 runs together. But the partnership was broken as RCB captain Faf du Plessis’ direct-hit sent the GT wicketkeeper-batter packing for 31 in the ninth over.
Hardik then got a reprieve in the next over as substitute fielder Suyash Prabhudessai could not complete the catch near the ropes off Maxwell.
Hardik made the most of that opportunity as he and David Miller joined forces and completed a brisk fifty-run stand where the southpaw did the majority of the scoring.
GT were 122/3 after 16 overs with Miller and Hardik in the middle. However just when it looked that the two would cut loose in the last four overs RCB struck back with two quick wickets. While Wanindu Hasaranga completed a sharp return catch to get Miller out Hazlewood dismissed Rahul Tewatia in the 18thover.
Hardik though continued to stay put and brought up his fourth fifty-plus score of the season. On the other end Rashid Khan who walked out to bat following Tewatia’s fall once again played a brilliant cameo slamming an unbeaten 19 off 6 balls.
While Hardik who played a captain’s knock scored 62* off 47 balls GT posted 168/5 on the board.
Brief Scores Royal Challengers Bangalore170/2 Virat Kohli 73 Faf du Plessis 44 Rashid Khan 2/32beat Gujarat Titans168/5 Hardik Pandya 62* David Miller 34 Josh Hazlewood 2/39by eight wickets.

Date 18 May 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 66 KKR Vs LSG – Match Report


High-scoring thriller at the DY Patil Stadium
The Lucknow Super Giants LSG secured their spot for the playoffs in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 after beating the Kolkata Knight Riders KKR by 2 runs on Wednesday at the DY Patil Stadium in Navi Mumbai.
Quinton de Kock’s monumental knock of 140* and his record unbeaten opening-stand of 210 with skipper KL Rahul helped LSG secure a 2-run victory in a high-scoring thriller.
Chasing a mammoth target of 211 KKR lost Venkatesh Iyer’s wicket in the first over bowled by Mohsin Khan after Quinton de Kock took a fine diving catch behind the stumps.
KKR then lost debutant Abhijeet Tomar’s wicket after the right-handed batter was caught by skipper KL Rahul inside the circle.
Nitish Rana and Shreyas Iyer led KKR’s recovery with an excellent counter-attacking fifty partnership. Rana took the attacking route and creamed nine fours inside the powerplay and KKR were 60/2 at the end of 6 overs.
K Gowtham put an end to the dangerous partnership after Rana holed out to the deep. Sam Billings joined skipper Shreyas Iyer and was immediately on the move with 2 fours and a six and KKR were 99/3 at the halfway stage.
The fifty partnership was up for the duo and KKR looked in control of the chase. Mohsin Khan conceded only 2 runs in the 13thover.
Marcus Stoinis broke the partnership after Iyer was caught in the outfield and the KKR skipper was out after scoring a quick-fire fifty. Avesh Khan bowled a brilliant over and only conceded 2 runs as KKR required 77 off 30.
Ravi Bishnoi and Mohsin Khan increased LSG’s chances of victory after dismissing explosive batters Billings and Russell respectively.
34 runs were conceded off the next two overs after Rinku Singh and Sunil Narine added two fours and two sixes each and KKR required 21 off the final over.
Rinku Singh smacked two sixes and a four but was out for 40 courtesy of Evin Lewis’ spectacular catch. Marcus Stoinis castled Umesh Yadav with KKR requiring 3 run off the final delivery and LSG successfully defended the target.

Earlier LSG who opted to bat first made three changes – Manan Vohra Evin Lewis and K Gowtham were named in the eleven.
LSG were off to a steady start and were after 3 overs after Quinton de Kock got a reprieve and dispatched the first maximum of the innings.
LSG were 44/0 at the end of the powerplay after skipper KL Rahul smacked a six over deep backward square leg.
The openers switched gears after Rahul punched consecutive sixes against Tim Southee and LSG were 83/0 at the halfway mark.
Both – Quinton de Kock and skipper KL Rahul reached their respective half-centuries and the runs kept flowing at rapid pace from the LSG openers who were dealing in boundaries.
18 runs came off the 16thover after de Kock clobbered two sixes and a four off Varun Chakaravarthy’s bowling and the 150 partnership was up for the opening stand.
de Kock reached his second IPL century with a four before the left-handed batter dispatched four clean strikes for six against Southee in the penultimate over.
LSG reached 210 without the loss of any wicket after de Kock creamed four fours in a row in the final over and stitched the highest-ever opening partnership in the history of the season.
Brief ScoresLucknow Super Giants210/0 Quinton de Kock 140* KL Rahul 68* Sunil Narine 0/27beat Kolkata Knight Riders208/8 Shreyas Iyer 50 Rinku Singh 40 Mohsin Khan 3-20 by 2 runs.

Date 17 May 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 65 MI Vs SRH – Match Report


The Sunrisers Hyderabad SRH secured their 6th victory in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 after beating the Mumbai Indians MI by 3 runs on Tuesday at the Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai.
Rahul Tripathi’s blistering 7644 powered SRH to 193/6 before Bhuvneshwar Kumar’s fantastic wicket-maiden penultimate over ensured a three-run victory.
Chasing 194 to win MI openers – Rohit Sharma and Ishan Kishan got off to a strong start after the MI skipper clubbed three sixes inside the powerplay.
Kishan complimented the MI skipper well with four fours and MI were 51/0 at the end of 6 overs.
17 runs were conceded in the 9thover bowled by Umran Malik and MI were cruising at 89/0 at the halfway stage. Washington Sundar provided the opening breakthrough for SRH after Rohit holed out to the deep.
Both set batters were dismissed after Umran Malik dimissed Kishan in the second over of his spell.
Malik claimed two more wickets in the 15thover and the equation was down to 67 off 30 as both Tilak Varma and Daniel Sams were back in the hut.
Tristan Stubbs was run out in the 17thover but Tim David kept MI’s chances alive in the chase as they required 45 off 18 deliveries.
David clobbered 4 sixes in the 18thover but was run-out on the final delivery. SRH successfully defended the target and secured a 3-run victory after Bhuvneshwar Kumar bowled an outstanding wicket-maiden penultimate over.

Earlier SRH who were put in to bat first made two changes – Priyam Garg and Fazal Farooqi were named in the eleven.
MI dismissed Abhishek Sharma early in the innings after the opener miscued a shot and was caught by Markande. Rahul Tripathi was up and away with two fours. Both – Tripathi and Garg dispatched a six each and SRH were 57/1 at the end of the powerplay.
The fifty partnership was up for the duo as the 8thover bowled by Sanjay Yadav produced 15 runs.
Ramandeep Singh put an end to the dangerous 78-run partnership after taking a catch off his own bowling to dismiss Garg.
Tripathi kept the runs ticking and was joined by Pooran  who crunched consecutive sixes against Riley Meredith.
Tripathi reached his third half-century of the season and the fifty partnership was up for the third wicket as SRH were 148/2 after 15 overs.
Meredith dismissed Pooran for 38 after the left-handed batter was caught by Markande who took an outstanding catch in the outfield.
Ramandeep Singh claimed two more wickets to dismiss Tripathi and Markram in the 18thover. Bumrah castled Sundar on the final delivery but SRH finished with a first innings total of 193/6.
Brief ScoresSunrisers Hyderabad193/6 Rahul Tripathi 76 Priyam Garg 42 Ramandeep Singh 3-20beat Mumbai Indians190/7 Rohit Sharma 48 Tim David 46 Umran Malik 3-23by 3 runs.

Date 16 May 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 64 PBKS Vs DC – Match Report


The Delhi Capitals DC registered their 7thvictory in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 after beating the Punjab Kings PBKS by 17 runs on Monday at the DY Patil Stadium in Navi Mumbai.
Mitchell Marsh’s splendid knock of 6348 and Shardul Thakur’s impressive four-wicket haul powered DC to a crucial 17-run victory.
Chasing 160 for victory PBKS openers – Shikhar Dhawan and Jonny Bairstow were off to a terrific start with the bat.
Bairstow smacked a four and a six each before the opener holed out to the deep off Anrich Nortje. Shardul Thakur struck twice in his first over to dismiss Rajapaksa and Dhawan as PBKS were 54/3 at the end of 6 overs.
PBKS lost the next three wickets in no time courtesy of Kuldeep Yadav’s bowling brilliance which followed after Axar Patel rattled the stumps of skipper Mayank Agarwal.
While Livingstone was stumped in the 8thover Harpeet Brar was castled by Yadav’s googly. PBKS were 8 down after Rishi Dhawan was cleaned up by Axar Patel.
The hundred was up for PBKS after Jitesh Sharma dispatched his first six in the 15thover. Jitesh Sharma raced to 43 and PBKS required 39 runs off 18 deliveries
Shardul claimed two more wickets after Warner grabbed a fantastic catch to dismiss Jitesh Sharma for 44 while Rabada holed out to the deep.
Only 3 runs were conceded in the penultimate over bowled by Nortje as PBKS required 26 off the final over.Thakur gave away only 8 runs in the 20th over and DC registered a 17-run victory.

Earlier DC who were put in to bat first made two changes – Khaleel Ahmed and Sarfaraz Khan were named in the eleven.
David Warner was out on the first ball after the left-handed opener was caught inside the circle off Livingstone’s bowling. The pressure of an early wicket didn’t affect Mitchell Marsh and Sarfaraz Khan as the duo were dealing in boundaries.
The fifty partnership was up for the second wicket before Rahul Chahar grabbed a sky-high catch off Arshdeep Singh to dismiss Sarfaraz. DC were 59/2 at the end of the powerplay.
Marsh was joined by Lalit Yadav who crunched his first six of the innings in the 9thover and DC were 86/2 at the halfway stage.
Arshdeep Singh deceived Yadav with a slower one to claim his second wicket. Livingstone then scalped two wickets to dismiss explosive batters Rishabh Pant and Rovman Powell.
DC were 116/5 with five overs to go before Marsh reached his half-century as the right-handed batter kept the runs flowing from one end.
Rabada brought Marsh’s innings to an end after the DC all-rounder was caught at deep mid-wicket in the penultimate over. Arshdeep conceded only 7 runs in the final over including a breakthrough of Shardul Thakur as DC posted 159/7 in the first innings.
Brief ScoresDelhi Capitals159/7 Mitchell Marsh 63 Sarfaraz Khan 32 Liam Livingstone 3-27beat Punjab Kings142/9 Jitesh Sharma 44 Jonny Bairstow 28 Shardul Thakur 4-36by 17 runs.

Date 15 May 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 63 LSG Vs RR – Match Report


The Rajasthan Royals RR registered their 8th victory in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 after beating the Lucknow Super Giants LSG by 24 runs on Sunday at the Brabourne Stadium in Mumbai.
RR bounced back with a 24-run victory courtesy of Yashasvi Jaiswals crucial 41 at the top and Trent Boults economical figures of 2/18.
Chasing 179 for victory LSG were 15/0 after 2 overs before Trent Boult dismissed Quinton de Kock and Ayush Badoni on consecutive deliveries.
While Neesham took a sharp catch inside the circle to dismiss de Kock Badoni was trapped LBW by the left-arm seamer.
KL Rahul played an exquisite lofted shot for a maximum before the LSG skipper was caught by Jaiswal inside the circle off Prasidh Krishna’s bowling. LSG were placed at 34-3 at the end of the powerplay and found themselves in a tricky position.
Deepak Hooda and Krunal Pandya stitched a crucial partnership for the 4thwicket after both batters added a six each.
LSG were 66-3 at the end of 10 overs and the fifty partnership was up between the duo. Ravi Ashwin put an end to the partnership after Jos Buttler and Riyan Parag produced an excellent relay catch to dismiss Krunal Pandya.
Hooda reached his half-century in the 15thover and LSG required 72 off 30 deliveries. Chahal scalped the all-important wicket of Hooda after the all-rounder was stumped by the opposition skipper.
Obed McCoy then scalped two wickets in an over to dismiss Jason Holder and Dushmantha Chameera. A maximum from Marcus Stoinis brought the equation down to 49 off 12.
15 runs came from the penultimate over and LSG required 34 off 6 deliveries. Stoinis hammered the first ball for six but was caught in the outfield on the next ball as LSG fell 25 runs short of the target.

Earlier RR who opted to bat first made two changes – Jimmy Neesham and Obed McCoy were named in the eleven.
Yashasvi Jaiswal was off the mark with consecutive fours but Avesh Khan provided the first wicket for LSG after the seamer rattled the stumps of Jos Buttler.
Jaiswal was dealing in boundaries and was joined by skipper Sanju Samson. The final over of the powerplay produced 21 runs after Jaiswal hammered three fours and a six.
The fifty partnership was up for the second wicket after Samson added three fours. Jason Holder put an end to the 64-run stand after the RR skipper was caught at deep point.
Devdutt Padikkal immediately got going with a four and a six each and RR were 90/2 at the halfway stage. Ayush Badoni scalped a wicket in the 12thover after taking a catch off his own bowling to dismiss Jaiswal.
Bishnoi joined the wickets tally after Padikkal’s slog sweep failed to clear the ropes in the 14thover.
Jimmy Neesham joined Riyan Parag as the duo added two fours and a six in the next three overs. RR were 149/4 before they lost two wickets in the 18thover. While Riyan Parag holed out to the deep Neesham was run-out for 14.
Trent Boult crunched consecutive fours in the penultimate over as RR added 24 runs in the final two overs which helped them register a first innings total of 178/6.
Brief ScoresRajasthan Royals178/6 Yashasvi Jaiswal 41 Devdutt Padikkal 39 Ravi Bishnoi 2-31beat Lucknow Super Giants154/8 Deepak Hooda 59 Marcus Stoinis 27 Trent Boult 2-18by 24 runs.

Date 15 May 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 62 CSK Vs GT – Match Report


The Gujarat Titans GT continued their winning run in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 after beating the Chennai Super Kings CSK by 7 wickets on Sunday at the Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai.
An unbeaten 67* at the top by Wriddhiman Saha guided GT to a resounding 7-wicket victory as they successfully chased down the target with five balls to spare.
Chasing 134 for victory GT were off to a positive start after Wriddhiman Saha creamed three fours in the first over.
The wicketkeeper-batter was given a reprieve in the third over off Mukesh Choudhary. Saha smacked his first six of the innings in the 5thover.
The fifty partnership was up for the opening wicket after Gill struck consecutive fours and GT were 53-0 after 6 overs.
Pathirana broke the partnership after Gill was trapped LBW and GT were 81/1 at the halfway stage. Moeen Ali provided the second breakthrough after Wade was caught at long-on.
Pathirana claimed his second wicket to dismiss GT skipper Hardik Pandya in the 14thover. Saha crossed his half-century and GT required 17 off the final four overs.
David Miller joined Saha at the crease and GT wrapped the chase with five balls to spare and registered a 7-wicket victory.

Earlier CSK who opted to bat first made four changes – N Jagadeesan Prashant Solanki Mitchell Santner and Matheesha Pathirana were named in the eleven.
Mohammad Shami provided an early breakthrough for GT after Devon Conway was caught behind. Ruturaj Gaikwad and Moeen Ali upped the scoring rate and added three sixes inside the powerplay as CSK were 47/1 after 6 overs.
The fifty partnership was up for the second wicket before Sai Kishore dismissed Moeen Ali who holed out at deep mid-wicket in the 9thover.
GT kept things tight with the ball after CSK were 73/2 at the halfway mark. Gaikwad continued to attack and was joined by N Jagadeesan.
Fifty was up for Ruturaj Gaikwad before Jagadeesan slammed his first maximum of the innings as CSK were 109/2 with five overs to go.
Rashid Khan claimed the important wicket of Ruturaj Gaikwad was caught by Wade in the deep. Shivam Dube was out caught behind in the next over bowled by Alazarri Joseph.
The next two overs produced only 11 runs before Shami scalped his second wicket to dismiss the CSK skipper in the final over as CSK posted 133/5 in the first innings.
Brief ScoresGujarat Titans137/3 Wriddhiman Saha 67* Mathew Wade 20 Matheesha Pathirana 2-24beat Chennai Super Kings133/5 Ruturaj Gaikwad 53 N Jagadeesan 39* Mohammad Shami 2-19by 7 wickets.

Date 14 May 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 61 KKR Vs SRH – Match Report


The Kolkata Knight Riders KKR registered their 6th victory in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 after beating the Sunrisers Hyderabad SRH by 54 runs on Saturday at the Maharashtra Cricket Association Stadium in Pune.
Andre Russell put on an all-round show in KKR’s comprehensive 54-run victory after scoring a blistering 49*28 followed by a three-wicket haul.
Chasing 178 to win SRH openers – Kane Williamson and Abhishek Sharma were off to a steady start before Andre Russell rattled the stumps of the SRH skipper inside the powerplay. SRH were 31/1 at the end of 6 overs.
Sharma capitalised on his start and dispatched consecutives sixes against Narine. Tim Southee took a brilliant catch off his own bowling to dismiss Tripathi for 9.
Aiden Markram joined Abhishek Sharma at the crease and SRH were 66-2 at the halfway stage. Varun Chakaravarthy dismissed the well set Abhishek Sharma who was caught on 43.
Nicholas Pooran was out in the next over after Narine took a catch off his own bowling. Markram dispatched three sixes and looked dangerous before the right-handed batter dragged Umesh Yadav’s delivery on to the stumps in the 15thover.
Russell then dismissed Washington Sundar and Marco Jansen in the 18th over. Southee scalped his second wicket to dismiss Shashank Singh in the next over before SRH fell 54-runs short of the total.

Earlier KKR who opted to bat first made two changes – Umesh Yadav and Sam Billings were named in the eleven.
Ajinkya Rahane was off the mark with a maximum but KKR lost Venkatesh Iyer’s wicket early after the opener chopped on to the stumps against Marco Jansen.
KKR were 55/1 at the end of the powerplay after both Rana and Rahane smacked a six each. Umran Malik scalped two wickets in an over after Shashank Singh grabbed excellent catches to dismiss Nitish Rana and Ajinkya Rahane.
Skipper Shreyas Iyer creamed two fours but holed out to deep mid-wicket as Malik claimed his third wicket of the innings.
KKR were 5 down after Rinku Singh was trapped LBW courtesy of a brilliant yorker by Natarajan. Andre Russell announced his arrival with a four and six each while Billings hit consecutive fours at the other end against Malik.
The fifty partnership was up for the sixth wicket off 39 deliveries and KKR crossed the 150-run mark with two overs to go.
Billings was out in the penultimate over against Bhuvneshwar Kumar before Russell hammered 3 sixes in the final over to help KKR reach 177/6 in the first innings.
Brief ScoresKolkata Knight Riders177/6 Andre Russell 49* Sam Billings 34 Umran Malik 3-33beat Sunrisers Hyderabad123/8 Abhishek Sharma 43 Aiden Markram 32 Andre Russell 3-22by 54 runs.

Date 13 May 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 60 RCB Vs PBKS – Match Report


The Punjab Kings PBKS bounced back with a victory in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 after beating the Royal Challengers Bangalore RCB by 54 runs on Friday at the Brabourne Stadium in Mumbai.
Whirlwind knocks from Jonny Bairstow and Liam Livingstone guided PBKS to a mammoth total of 209 before they registered a comprehensive 54-run victory.
Chasing 210 to win RCB openers – Virat Kohli and Faf du Plessis responded strongly at the top. Kohli added two fours and a six and RCB were 31/0 after 3 overs.
Rabada claimed the first wicket after Kohli was caught at short fine leg. Faf du Plessis was out in the next over after the RCB skipper was caught behind off Rishi Dhawan.
RCB were 44/3 at the end of the powerplay after Mahipal Lomror was caught inside the circle.
Glenn Maxwell and Rajat Patidar led RCB’s recovery and stitched a valuable partnership. While Maxwell produced runs with his trademark switch hit Patidar smacked two sixes.
The fifty partnership was up for the duo and RCB were 95/3 at the halfway stage. Rahul Chahar put an end to the partnership after Patidar holed out to long-on.
RCB lost half their side after Harpreet Brar dismissed Maxwell for 35. Dinesh Karthik was the next batter to depart as Arshdeep claimed his first wicket and RCB required 90 runs off the final five overs.
Rabada brought an end to Shahbaz Ahmed’s stay at the crease while Harpreet Brar took a sharp catch in the outfield off Chahar’s bowling to dismiss Hasaranga.
RCB fell 55 runs short of the target after Rabada claimed his third wicket to dismiss Harshal Patel in the penultimate over.

Earlier PBKS who were put in to bat first made one change – Harpreet Brar replaced Sandeep Sharma in the eleven.
22 runs came off the second over after Jonny Bairstow crunched two sixes and as many fours. The fifty partnership was up for the opening wicket after Shikhar Dhawan clubbed two fours and a six at the other end.
Maxwell castled Dhawan who was dismissed for 21 before Bairstow hammered two sixes in the final over and notched his half-century.
Wanindu Hasaranga scalped the second wicket for RCB after Rajapaksa was caught at short third man. The hundred was up for PBKS in the 9thover before Shahbaz Ahmed put an end to Bairstow’s innings after the opener was caught by Siraj in the 10thover.
Liam Livingstone who was joined by skipper Mayank Agarwal carried on the batting explosion by hammering 3 fours and 2 sixes.
Harshal Patel put an end to the fifty-run stand after Agarwal was caught inside the circle. PBKS were 163-4 at the end of 16 overs before Hasaranga scalped his second wicket by bamboozling Jitesh Sharma.
Harpreet Brar smacked a six before the left-handed batter was caught behind off Harshal Patel. Livingstone reached his half-century with a four and the 200 was up for PBKS.
The penultimate over produced 24 runs after Livingstone clubbed two sixes and as many fours. The all-rounder was dismissed in the final over off Harshal Patel who conceded only four runs as PBKS posted 209/9 in the first innings.
Brief Scores Punjab Kings209/9 Liam Livingstone 70 Jonny Bairstow 66 Harshal Patel 4-34beatRoyal Challengers Bangalore155/9 Glenn Maxwell 35 Rajat Patidar 26 Kagiso Rabada 3-21by 54 runs.

Date 12 May 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 59 CSK Vs MI – Match Report


The Mumbai Indians MI bounced back with a victory in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 after beating the Chennai Super Kings CSK by 5 wickets on Thursday at the Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai.
A fine bowling display led by Daniel Sams three wicket haul reduced CSK to 97 in the first innings before a vital partnership between Tilak Varma and Hrithik Shokeen powered MI to a 5-wicket win.
Chasing 98 to win MI lost Ishan Kishan’s wicket in the first over after the opener was caught behind off Mukesh Choudhary’s bowling.
Rohit Sharma’s elegant shots at the start put MI on the front foot. However the MI skipper was caught behind off Simarjeet Singh’s bowling. Both Daniel Sams and Tristan Stubbs were trapped LBW in the 5thover bowled by Mukesh Choudhary.
MI were 36-4 at the end of the powerplay with Tilak Varma and Hrithik Shokeen at the crease.
The duo stitched a vital partnership which moved MI to 66-4 at the halfway stage as they required 32 off 60 deliveries.
The duo kept ticking the runs before Moeen Ali deceived Shokeen and castled the stumps. With only 9 runs required Tim David clobbered a maximum and hit the winning runs in the 15th over.

Earlier CSK who were put in to bat first remained unchanged from their previous game. CSK lost in-form Devon Conway and Moeen Ali in the first over bowled by Daniel Sams.
CSK were 5-3 after Robin Uthappa was trapped LBW off Jasprit Bumrah who bowled a wicket-maiden. Sams scalped his third wicket inside the powerplay after Ruturaj Gaikwad was caught down the leg side.
Skipper MS Dhoni was at the crease but MI kept mounting pressure on the CSK batters after Riley Meredith dismissed Ambati Rayudu and Shivam Dube.
Dhoni dispatched his first six of the innings and was leading the charge with the bat for CSK who were 65/6 at the halfway stage.
Kumar Kartikeya claimed two wickets in the 13thover to dismiss Dwayne Bravo and Simarjeet Singh. Tilak Varma took a sharp catch to dismiss Bravo while Simarjeet was trapped LBW.
CSK lost their 9thwicket after Maheesh Theekshana was caught by Rohit off Ramandeep Singh’s bowling. Ishan Kishan produced a direct hit to run-out Mukesh Choudhary and CSK were all out for 97.
Brief ScoresMumbai Indians103/5 Tilak Varma 34* Rohit Sharma 18 Mukesh Choudhary 3-23beat Chennai Super Kings97 all out MS Dhoni 36* Dwayne Bravo 12 Daniel Sams 3-16by 5 wickets.

Date 11 May 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 58 RR Vs DC – Match Report


The Delhi Capitals DC bounced back with a victory in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 after beating the Rajasthan Royals RR by 8 wickets on Wednesday at the DY Patil Stadium in Navi Mumbai.
An authoritative match-winning century stand between Mitchell Marsh and David Warner resulted in a crucial victory for DC after they chased down the target with eleven balls to spare.
Chasing 161 to win DC lost Srikar Bharat’s wicket in the first over after the opener was caught behind off Trent Boult’s bowling. Pressure was on DC after Prasidh Krishna bowled a maiden over from the other end.
David Warner and Mitchell Marsh led the recovery after an early wicket and DC were 38-1 after 6 overs.
The fifty partnership was up for the duo with Marsh doing the majority of the hitting. Warner hammered his first six before he got a reprieve in the 9thover.
DC were 74-1 at the halfway stage before Marsh notched his half-century with a six. The hundred partnership was up for the second wicket and DC were in the driver’s seat with 47 required off the final five.
Marsh crunched two massive sixes while Warner continued to play second fiddle. Chahal put an end to Marsh’s innings as the all-rounder was dismissed on 89. Warner wrapped the chase with a four in the 18thover as well as reached his half-century.

Earlier RR who were put in to bat first made one change – Rassie van der Dussen replaced Shimron Hetmyer in the eleven.
RR lost Jos Buttler’s wicket early in the innings after the opener was caught inside the circle off Chetan Sakariya’s bowling.
R Ashwin after being promoted up the order went all guns blazing with 3 fours and a six and RR were 43-1 at the end of the powerplay.
RR openers were back in the hut after Yashasvi Jaiswal holed out to the deep as Mitchell Marsh scalped his first wicket.
At the halfway stage RR were 68-2 as Devdutt Padikkal joined Ashwin at the crease. Ashwin released pressure by smacking his second maximum after a quiet couple of overs.
Padikkal accelerated from the other end with consecutive sixes against Axar Patel. Ashwin reached his half-century before the all-rounder was dismissed by Marsh who scalped his second wicket.
RR were 116/3 with five overs to go. Anrich Nortje dismissed Sanju Samson courtesy of a fine catch by Shardul Thakur.
Riyan Parag dispatched a maximum before the right-handed batter holed out to the deep off Sakaria’s bowling while Nortje scalped his second wicket to dismiss Padikkal who fell two runs short of his half-century.
The final over bowled by Shardul Thakur produced only 6 runs as RR posted 160-6 in the first innings.
Brief ScoresDelhi Capitals161/2 Mitchell Marsh 89 David Warner 52* Trent Boult 1-32beat Rajasthan Royals160/6 Ravi Ashwin 60 Devdutt Padikkal 48 Chetan Sakariya 2-23by 8 wickets.

Date 10 May 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 57 LSG Vs GT – Match Report


The Gujarat Titans GT became the first team to qualify for the playoffs in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 after defeating Lucknow Super Giants LSG by 62 runs on Tuesday at the Maharashtra Cricket Association Stadium in Pune.
An unbeaten half-century from Shubman Gill and Rashid Khan’s fantastic four-wicket haul sealed a spot in the playoffs for GT after a mammoth 62-run win.
Chasing 145 for victory LSG openers – KL Rahul and Quinton de Kock were off to a cautious start with the bat.
de Kock smacked the first six of the innings but the opener was caught inside the circle off Yash Dayal’s bowling. Shami then scalped the wicket of the LSG skipper in the 5thover.
GT were in trouble after debutant Karan Sharma was caught at short third man. Rashid Khan struck immediately after getting introduced to the attack after Krunal Pandya was out stumped.
Saha produced the second stumping of the innings after Sai Kishore claimed his maiden IPL wicket to dismiss Ayush Badoni.
GT were 7 down after losing the wickets of Marcus Stoinis and Jason Holder. While Stonis was run-out after a confusion in the middle Holder was trapped LBW off Rashid Khan’s bowling.
Sai Kishore scalped his second wicket to dismiss Mohsin Khan before Rashid Khan wrapped the innings with the final two wickets in the 14thover.

Earlier GT who opted to bat first made three changes – Matthew Wade Sai Kishore and Yash Dayal were named in the eleven.
LSG made early inroads after Wriddhiman Saha and Matthew Wade were dismissed in the powerplay. First Saha was caught inside the circle off Mohsin Khan’s bowling. Avesh Khan then dismissed Wade after the left-handed batter was caught behind.
GT were 35-2 at the end of 6 overs after Shubman Gill played some exquisite shots for four.
Hardik Pandya was the next batter to depart after the GT skipper was caught behind off Avesh Khan who scalped his second wicket of the game.
At the halfway mark GT were reeling at 59-3. David Miller and Shubman Gill stitched a steady partnership and accelerated after the 15thover.
Jason Holder broke the partnership after dismissing Miller. GT were 117-4 with three overs to go after Gill crossed his half-century.
Rahul Tewatia’s three crucial fours in the final over helped GT reach 144/4 in the first innings.
Brief ScoresGujarat Titans144/4 Shubman Gill 63* David Miller 26 Avesh Khan 2-26Lucknow Super Giants beat82 all out Deepak Hooda 27 Quinton de Kock 11 Rashid Khan 4-24by 62 runs.

Date 09 May 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 56 MI Vs KKR – Match Report


The Kolkata Knight Riders KKR were back to winning ways in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 after defeating Mumbai Indians MI by 52 runs on Monday at the DY Patil Stadium in Navi Mumbai.
Pat Cummins starred with a three-wicket haul which helped KKR register a comprehensive victory despite Jasprit Bumrah’s exceptional fifer in the first innings.
Chasing 166 for victory MI lost skipper Rohit Sharma’s wicket early in the innings after the right-handed batter was caught behind off Tim Southee’s bowling.
Ishan Kishan was on the move with three fours at the top. MI were 26-1 after 4 overs. MI lost their second wicket after Tilak Varma was caught at first slip off Andre Russell.
MI were 37-2 at the end of the powerplay with Ramandeep Singh and Ishan Kishan out in the middle.
The duo stitched a steady partnership and rescued MI out of trouble. Russell claimed his second wicket after Ramandeep Singh was caught at backward point.
Tim David creamed three fours in his first three deliveries but the right-handed batter failed to clear the ropes against Chakaravarthy in the 13thover.
Kishan crossed his half-century in the next over but Pat Cummins scalped three wickets including the big wicket of Kishan in the 15thover and MI were 7 down.
Cummins conceded only 5 runs in the final over of his spell as MI required 54 off the final three overs. MI lost their final three wickets after Karthikeya Pollard and Bumrah were run-out courtesy of an excellent fielding display by the KKR fielders.

Earlier KKR who were put in to bat first made five changes to the eleven. Venkatesh Iyer provided KKR a confident start after the left-handed batter smacked two sixes.
The fifth over produced 17 runs and the fifty partnership was up between Venkatesh Iyer and Ajinkya Rahane. Kumar Kartikeya scalped the first wicket after Iyer miscued a shot and was caught inside the circle. KKR were 64-1 at the end of the powerplay.
Rahane was joined by Nitish Rana and the duo kept the runs ticking to help KKR reach 87-1 at the halfway stage. Kartikeya scalped his second wicket of the innings after the left-arm spinner rattled the stumps of Rahane.
Rana clobbered two sixes in the same over and continued dealing in boundaries after producing two more maximums off Pollard’s bowling. Skipper Shreyas Iyer joined Rana at the crease and KKR were 123-2 at the end of 13 overs.
Murugan Ashwin found success in his third over after skipper Iyer was caught behind. Andre Russell was up and running with a six straight down the ground.
However Jasprit Bumrah shifted the momentum back in MI’s favour after dismissing the dangerous Russell and well-settled Rana. KKR were 140-5 with five overs to go.
The right-arm pacer continued chipping away with wickets after scalping three wickets in the 18thover to dismiss Sheldon Jackson Pat Cummins and Sunil Narine.
Rinku Singh hammered a six in the penultimate over but KKR lost their 9thwicket after Daniel Sams holed out to the deep. Bumrah only conceded 1 run in the final over and KKR posted 165-9 in the first innings.
Brief ScoresKolkata Knight Riders165/9 Venkatesh Iyer 43 Nitish Rana 43 Jasprit Bumrah 5-10beatMumbai Indians113 all out Ishan Kishan 51 Kieron Pollard 15 Pat Cummins 3-22by 52 runs.

Date 08 May 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 55 CSK Vs DC – Match Report


The Chennai Super Kings CSK were back to winning ways in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 after defeating Delhi Capitals DC by 91 runs on Sunday at the DY Patil Stadium in Navi Mumbai.
A hundred-run opening partnership between Devon Conway 87 and Ruturaj Gaikwad 41 powered CSK to a mammoth total of 208/6 before Moeen Ali’s 3-wicket haul reduced DC to 117.
Chasing a mammoth target of 209 DC lost an early wicket of Srikar Bharat who was caught at first slip after adding two fours at the top. David Warner was on the charge with two maximums.
Maheesh Theekshana scalped the second wicket of the innings after Warner was trapped LBW in the 5thover. Mitchell Marsh started his innings well with a four and six each.
Skipper Rishabh Pant who was the next batter at the crease creamed three fours in a row and DC were 59-2 at the end of the powerplay.
The 36-run partnership came to an end after Moeen Ali scalped his first wicket to dismiss Marsh who was caught at long-on.
Moeen scalped two more wickets to dismiss Rishabh Pant and Ripal Patel. While the DC skipper was castled by the off spinner Ripal Patel holed out to the deep.
DC were 7 down after Mukesh Choudhary then claimed two wickets in the 11thover. The left-arm pacer knocked Axar Patel’s stumps while Rovman Powell was caught behind.
Simarjeet Singh scalped his second wicket to dismiss Kuldeep Yadav who was caught by Uthappa in the 16thover.
Shardul Thakur made a useful 24 which included two fours and a six. However Dwayne Bravo wrapped the innings by dismissing Thakur and Khaleel Ahmed on consecutive deliveries to wrap the innings as CSK won by 91 runs.

Earlier CSK who were put in to bat first made one change – Shivam Dube replaced Ravindra Jadeja in the eleven.
CSK openers – Ruturaj Gaikwad and Devon Conway were off to a fine start with the bat. Gaikwad crunched the first six of the innings while Conway was up and running with two fours.
Conway whacked consecutive sixes in the 5thover and the fifty partnership was up for the opening wicket. CSK were 57-0 at the end of the powerplay.
Conway notched his half-century after the left-handed opener clubbed two sixes and a four against Kuldeep Yadav.
CSK were cruising at 100/0 at the halfway stage after Conway creamed three fours in a row against Kuldeep Yadav. Gaikwad mistimed a pull shot and was caught off Anrich Nortje’s bowling which brought an end to the hundred partnership.
Conway continued to attack the DC spinners and CSK were in the driver’s seat at 131/1 after 13 overs. Shivam Dube who joined Conway quickly moved to 32 off 18 deliveries after whacking two sixes and a four against Shardul Thakur.
DC finally claimed Conway’s wicket after the opener was caught behind off Khaleel Ahmed’s bowling. Mitchell Marsh dismissed Dube in the next over after the left-handed batter holed out to the deep.
CSK skipper MS Dhoni immediately got into the act by dispatching a six followed by four. Khaleel Ahmed scalped his second wicket to dismiss Ambati Rayudu.
Dhoni hit his second six and CSK crossed the 200-run mark in the final over. Anrich Nortje took two wickets on consecutive deliveries to dismiss Moeen Ali and Robin Uthappa before CSK finished with 208/6 in the first innings.
Brief ScoresChennai Super Kings208/6 Devon Conway 87 Ruturaj Gaikwad 41 Anrich Nortje 3-42beatDelhi Capitals117 all out Mitchell Marsh 25 Shardul Thakur 24 Moeen Ali 3-13by 91 runs.

Date 08 May 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 54 RCB Vs SRH – Match Report


The Royal Challengers Bangalore RCB registered their 7thvictory in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 after defeating Sunrisers Hyderabad SRH by 67 runs on Sunday at the Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai.
A splendid captain’s knock by Faf du Plessis 73* propelled RCB to 192-3 in the first innings before Wanindu Hasaranga’s outstanding fifer guided the team to a comprehensive victory.
Chasing 193 to win SRH lost two wickets in the first over. Skipper Kane Williamson was run-out without facing a ball courtesy a direct hit from Shahbaz Ahmed. Glenn Maxwell castled Abhishek Sharma to scalp his first wicket.
Aiden Markram and Rahul Tripathi counter-attacked and led the recovery as SRH were 39-2 at the end of the powerplay. The fifty partnership was up for the third wicket after Tripathi got a reprieve in the 8thover.
Hasaranga struck immediately after Markram was caught at deep mid-wicket by Kohli. Tripathi added two fours and SRH were 69/3 at the halfway stage.
Nicholas Pooran smacked two fours and a six before the left-handed batter miscued a shot and was caught off Hasaranga’s bowling.
Tripathi reached his half-century at the other end with a maximum. The SRH opener was given a reprieve but RCB picked their 5thwicket after Suchith was stumped off Hasaranga’s bowling.
Josh Hazlewood scalped two wickets on consecutive deliveries including the big wicket of Tripathi who was dismissed on 58. Hasaranga claimed a five-wicket haul after getting the wickets of Shashank Singh and Umran Malik in the same over.
Harshal Patel claimed the final wicket of the innings after Bhuvneshwar Kumar was caught at long-off by du Plessis.

Earlier RCB who elected to bat first remained unchanged from their previous game. SRH got off to a perfect start with the ball after Jagadeesha Suchith dismissed Virat Kohli on the first ball of the match.
RCB recovered well after an early wicket and moved to 47-1 at the end of powerplay. Both Rajat Patidar and Faf du Plessis were up and running with 2 fours and a six each.
The fifty partnership was up for the duo. 20 runs came off Umran Malik’s first over after du Plessis smacked two fours and a six.
Rajat Patidar got a reprieve and RCB were 93-1 at the halfway stage. Skipper du Plessis reached his half-century in the 12thover and the hundred partnership was up for the second wicket.
Suchith claimed his second wicket and put an end to the partnership after Patidar was caught at deep mid-wicket.
New batter Glenn Maxwell added two fours and a six including his trademark switch-hit. RCB were 125/2 with five overs to go. Maxwell hammered his second six straight down the ground off Bhuvneshwar Kumar’s bowling.
The 150 was up for RCB after du Plessis and Maxwell hit a four each in the 18thover. The fifty partnership was up for the third wicket before Maxwell holed out to the deep off Kartik Tyagi’s bowling.
Dinesh Karthik provided an excellent finishing touch after whacking four sixes and a four which helped RCB post 192/3 in the first innings.
Brief ScoresRoyal Challengers Bangalore192/3 Faf du Plessis 73* Rajat Patidar 33 Jagadeesha Suchith 2-30beatSunrisers Hyderabad125 all out Rahul Tripathi 58 Aiden Markram 21 Wanindu Hasaranga 5-18by 67 runs.

Date 07 May 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 53 LSG Vs KKR – Match Report


The Lucknow Super Giants LSG moved to the top of the points table in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 after defeating Kolkata Knight Riders KKR by 75 runs on Saturday at the Maharashtra Cricket Association Stadium in Pune.
A half-century from Quinton de Kock along with Avesh Khan’s three-wicket haul powered LSG to a comprehensive victory by 75 runs as they successfully defended their total of 176.
Chasing 177 KKR lost the wicket of Baba Indrajith in the first over. Mohsin Khan scalped the wicket of the opener and bowled a wicketmaiden to kick off the innings.
Dushmantha Chameera scalped the second wicket of the innings after KKR skipper Shreyas Iyer was caught at square-leg in the 4thover.
Troubles increased further for KKR as Jason Holder dismissed Aaron Finch who was caught by Quinton de Kock in the 6thover. KKR were 25-3 at the end of the powerplay.
Nitish Rana was the next batter to depart after the left-handed batter was castled by Avesh Khan in the 7thover.
Andre Russell announced his arrival to the crease by going all guns blazing against the LSG bowling attack. The KKR all-rounder hammered two fours and 4 massive sixes as LSG were 64-4 at the halfway mark.
Ravi Bishnoi brought an end to Rinku Singh’s stay at the crease after the batter was caught at deep mid-wicket.
Sunil Narine and Andre Russell collectively added two sixes and a four. However Avesh Khan brought LSG back into the game by scalping two wickets in an over including the all-important breakthrough of Russell.
Jason Holder then scalped two wickets on consecutive deliveries to dismiss Narine and Tim Southee while Harshit Rana was run-out in the same over. KKR were all out for 101 and LSG won by 75 runs.

Earlier LSG who were put in to bat first made one change – Avesh Khan replaced K Gowtham in the eleven. Skipper KL Rahul was run-out without facing a delivery thanks to a brilliant direct-hit from opposition skipper Shreyas Iyer.
The pressure of an early wicket didn’t affect LSG as Quinton de Kock and Deepak Hooda stitched a quick fifty-run partnership.
de Kock hammered the first six of the innings in the third over bowled by Southee. Hooda smashed his first maximum off Narine’s bowling. 17 runs came off the 6thover and LSG were 66-1 at the end of powerplay after de Kock smacked consecutive sixes.
The opener notched his half-century in the 7thover before he was caught at long-off by Shivam Mavi off Narine’s bowling.
Krunal Pandya joined Hooda at the crease. Pandya and Hooda added a four each against Harshit Rana and LSG were 90-2 at the halfway stage. The 100 was up for LSG after Hooda cleared the ropes against Anukul Roy.
Andre Russell put an end to the 34-run partnership after KKR skipper Shreyas Iyer grabbed Hooda’s catch. Russell then dismissed Krunal Pandya after the batter was caught at deep-point.
Marcus Stoinis whacked three sixes in a row before the all-rounder holed out to the deep in the penultimate over which produced 30 runs.
Jason Holder clubbed two sixes before he was caught by Rinku Singh in the final over as LSG posted 176-7 in the first innings.
Brief ScoresLucknow Super Giants176/7 Quinton de Kock 50 Deepak Hooda 41 Andre Russell 2-22beatKolkata Knight Riders101 all out Andre Russell 45 Sunil Narine 22 Avesh Khan 3-19by 75 runs.

Date 07 May 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 52 PBKS Vs RR – Match Report


The Rajasthan Royals RR were back to winning ways in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 after defeating Punjab Kings PBKS by 6 wickets on Saturday at the Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai.
Yuzvendra Chahal scalped an impressive three-wicket haul before Yashasvi Jaiswal announced his comeback with a superb half-century and powered RR to a 6-wicket victory.
Chasing 190 to win RR scored 14 off the first over after Yashasvi Jaiswal struck two fours and a six against Sandeep Sharma.
Jos Buttler announced his entry with a giant six followed by three fours but the RR opener was dismissed on the final delivery by Kagiso Rabada and was caught at short third man. RR skipper Sanju Samson hit three fours and RR were 67-1 after 6 overs.
Rishi Dhawan managed to break the 39-run partnership after Samson was caught by Dhawan in the 8thover.
RR were 95-2 at the halfway stage. Jaiswal reached his half-century after creaming two fours. 14 runs came off the 13thover as Jaiswal smacked three fours against Rishi Dhawan.
The fifty partnership was up between Jaiswal and Devdutt Padikkal. Arshdeep Singh put an end to the partnership by scalping the vital wicket of Yashasvi Jaiswal.
With 39 required off 24 deliveries Hetmyer smacked two consecutive fours to bring RR closer. 16 runs came from the 18thover bowled by Rabada after Hetmyer dispatched a full-toss and Padikkal added two fours.
Arshdeep Singh conceded only 3 runs in the penultimate over as RR required 8 off the final over. Hetmyer clubbed a six in the final over and RR chased down the total with 4 balls to spare.

Earlier PBKS who opted to bat first remained unchanged from their previous victory. Openers – Jonny Bairstow and Shikhar Dhawan started steadily with the bat.
Bairstow was up and running with five fours and a six. However Dhawan was dismissed by Ashwin after Buttler grabbed an excellent one-hand catch at mid-on.
PBKS were 48-1 at the end of 6 overs before Rajapaksa struck his first maximum of the innings. The left-handed batter formed a crucial partnership with Bairstow who was leading the charge with the bat for PBKS.
At the halfway stage PBKS were 88-1 before Rajapaksa was cleaned up by Yuzvendra Chahal. Skipper Mayank Agarwal who was the new batter at the crease creamed two fours against Ashwin.
Bairstow reached his half-century before Chahal took two wickets in quick succession to dismiss both Agarwal and Bairstow. While Agarwal holed out to the deep Bairstow was trapped LBW by the spinner.
New batter Liam Livingstone launched his first maximum and PBKS were 132-4 with four overs to go. Jitesh Sharma crunched two consecutive fours and a six and PBKS were 158-4 with two overs to go.
Livingstone added a four and a six but Prasidh Krishna rattled the stumps to dismiss the all-rounder. Jitesh Sharma provided an excellent finishing touch with a six and two fours as PBKS posted 189-5 in the first innings.
Brief ScoresRajasthan Royals190/4 Yashasvi Jaiswal 68 Shimron Hetmyer 30* Arshdeep Singh 2-29beatPunjab Kings189/5 Jonny Bairstow 56 Jitesh Sharma 38* Yuzvendra Chahal 3-28by 6 wickets.

Date 06 May 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 51 GT Vs MI – Match Report


The Mumbai Indians MI registered their second consecutive victory in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 after defeating Gujarat Titans GT by 5 runs on Friday at the Brabourne Stadium in Mumbai.
MI successfully defended their total of 177-6 thanks to a magnificent final over bowled by Daniel Sams who conceded only 3 runs and powered the side to a 5-run victory.
Chasing 178 GT openers – Shubman Gill and Wriddhiman Saha were off to a flier as the fifty partnership was up for the opening wicket inside the powerplay.
Saha did the majority of the hitting and was timing the ball to perfection as the opener struck five fours and two sixes. Gill joined his partner and added a four and six each as GT were 54/0 at the end of the powerplay.
Gill whacked three fours in a row off Daniel Sams’ bowling and then clubbed his second six of the innings in the next over. GT were 95/0 at the halfway stage before Saha crossed his half-century and the hundred-partnership was up for the opening wicket.
MI finally found the breakthrough after Gill was caught in the outfield off Murugan Ashwin’s bowling.Ashwin claimed his second wicket after Saha departed in a similar fashion.
Sai Sudharsan the next batter crunched a maximum straight down the ground before the left-handed batter was out hit-wicket against Kieron Pollard’s bowling.
Hardik Pandya was run-out by Ishan Kishan’s direct hit as GT needed 20 off the final two overs.
Miller dispatched a maximum in the penultimate over which brought the equation down to 9 off 6 balls. Daniel Sams only conceded 3 runs in the final over and helped MI register a 5-run victory.

Earlier MI who were put in to bat first made one change – Murugan Ashwin replaced Hrithik Shokeen in the eleven.
Rohit Sharma played some sumptuous drives to kick off the innings and MI were 33-0 after the MI skipper crunched three fours and 2 sixes.
Ishan Kishan creamed three fours as the fifty partnership was up for the opening wicket and MI were 63-0 after 6 overs.
Rashid Khan broke the partnership in the 8thover after Rohit was trapped LBW. New batter Suryakumar Yadav struck a maximum but mistimed a shot against Pradeep Sangwan as the right-handed batter was caught by Rashid Khan.
Alzarri Joseph tricked Ishan Kishan with a slower delivery and the opener was caught inside the circle in the 12thover. Kieron Pollard was then cleaned up by Rashid Khan who scalped his second wicket.
MI were 142/4 after Tim David creamed consecutive fours. The right-handed batter added a six straight down the ground but Tilak Varma was run-out at the other end courtesy a direct-hit from the GT skipper.
David clubbed two sixes in the final over which helped MI post a competitive total of 177-6.
Brief ScoresMumbai Indians177/6 Ishan Kishan 45 Tim David 44* Rashid Khan 2-24beatGujarat Titans172/5 Wriddhiman Saha 55 Shubman Gill 52 Murugan Ashwin 2-29by 5 runs.

Date 05 May 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 50 DC Vs SRH – Match Report


The Delhi Capitals DC registered their 5th victory in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 after a 21-run win against Sunrisers Hyderabad SRH on Thursday at the Brabourne Stadium in Mumbai.
David Warner’s scintillating 92* and Rovman Powell’s clinical finish with the bat powered the side to a commanding total of 207-3 before DC registered a 21-run victory.
Chasing 208 to win SRH lost Abhishek Sharma’s wicket early in the chase after the opener was caught inside the circle off Khaleel Ahmed’s bowling.
Anrich Nortje claimed the vital wicket of Kane Williamson after the SRH skipper was caught behind in the 5thover. Rahul Tripathi smashed two fours and a six inside the powerplay and SRH were 35/2 after 6 overs.
Mitchell Marsh joined the wickets tally after Rahul Tripathi was caught by Shardul Thakur at deep square-leg.
Aiden Markram and Nicholas Pooran steadied the ship for SRH after hammering a six each. SRH were 63-3 at the halfway stage before Markram hit 3 fours in the next over.
The runs kept flowing from Markram’s bat after the right-handed batter crunched two sixes against Kuldeep Yadav as the fifty partnership was up for the 4thwicket.
Khaleel Ahmed put an end to the stand after Markram was caught at long-off. Pooran did not let the momentum shift away as the left-handed batter clubbed two sixes against Nortje.
Shardul Thakur claimed Shashank Singh’s wicket but the equation narrowed down to 62 off 24 for SRH. The fifty was up for Pooran off just 29 deliveries.
SRH lost their 6thwicket but required 55 off 18 balls. Thakur claimed the decisive wicket of Pooran as SRH required 43 off 12.
The final two overs produced 21 runs but SRH fell 22 runs short of the target.

Earlier DC who were put in to bat first made four changes – Mandeep Singh Ripal Patel Khaleel Ahmed and Anrich Nortje were named in the eleven.
SRH made early inroads after Mandeep Singh was caught behind in the first over. Bhuvneshwar Kumar bowled a terrific wicket-maiden over to kick-off the innings.
David Warner started confidently and creamed three fours and a six at the top as 21 runs were conceded off Umran Malik’s first over.
Sean Abott took a sharp catch off his own bowling to dismiss Mitchell Marsh. DC were 50/2 at the end of the powerplay.
Skipper Rishabh Pant who joined Warner hammered three consecutive sixes against Shreyas Gopal. The spinner bounced back and knocked the stumps of the DC skipper in the same over as DC were 91-3 at the halfway mark.
Warner crossed his half-century with a four and was joined by Rovman Powell who smacked his first six. Warner clubbed another four and a six while Rovman Powell was dropped twice by SRH.
The fifty partnership was up for the fourth wicket and DC were 147-3 with four overs to go. 18 runs came off the 17thover after Powell clubbed two giant sixes against Abbott.
Warner was into the nineties after scoring three fabulous fours in the penultimate over. Powell provided the finishing touch with 3 fours and a mammoth six as DC posted 207-3 in the first innings.
Brief ScoresDelhi Capitals207/3 David Warner 92* Rovman Powell 67* Bhuvneshwar Kumar 1-25beatSunrisers Hyderabad186/8 Nicholas Pooran 62 Aiden Markram 42 Khaleel Ahmed 3-30by 21 runs.

Date 04 May 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 49 RCB Vs CSK – Match Report


The Royal Challengers Bangalore RCB were back to winning ways in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 after registering a victory against Chennai Super Kings CSK by 13 runs on Wednesday at the Maharashtra Cricket Association Stadium in Pune.
Harshal Patel’s three crucial wickets helped RCB successfully defend the score after Mahipal Lomror’s quick-fire 4227 piloted the side to 173/8 in the first innings.
Chasing 174 CSK openers – Ruturaj Gaikwad and Devon Conway started cautiously and CSK were 25-0 after 4 overs.
Both Conway and Gaikwad were on the move with 3 fours and two sixes as the fifty partnership was up for the opening wicket. CSK were 51-0 after 6 overs.
Shahbaz Ahmed put an end to the dangerous partnership after Gaikwad was caught by Prabhudessai. CSK were 2 down after Glenn Maxwell dismissed Robin Uthappa in the next over.
Maxwell then cleaned up the stumps of Ambati Rayudu to scalp his second wicket. Conway carried his form from the previous game and reached his half-century after adding a six and a four.
Wanindu Hasaranga claimed the crucial wicket of Conway who was caught at deep backward square in the 15thover and CSK were 118/4 with five overs to go.
Harshal Patel got into the act with the vital wicket of Jadeja after Virat Kohli successfully grabbed a skier in the 16thover.
The equation was down to 47 off 18 for CSK. Moeen Ali hammered the first ball for six but was caught on the next delivery as Harshal bounced back with his second wicket.
Josh Hazlewood picked the vital wicket of MS Dhoni after the CSK skipper was caught at deep mid-wicket in the penultimate over.
CSK required 31 off 6. Dwaine Pretorius launched a six on the first ball but failed to clear the ropes on the next delivery as Harshal claimed his third wicket of the innings. Theekshana smacked a six and a four each but RCB finished with a 13-run victory.

Earlier RCB who were put in to bat first remained unchanged from their previous game. RCB openers – Virat Kohli and Faf du Plessis were off to a solid start and RCB were 33-0 after 4 overs.
Kohli thumped the first six of the innings in the third over before adding two fours at the top. RCB were 57-0 at the end of the powerplay after du Plessis smacked his first six over long-on.
Moeen Ali was introduced into the attack in the 8thover and the spinner provided CSK their first breakthrough after du Plessis holed out to the deep.
Glenn Maxwell was the next batter to be dismissed after the all-rounder was run-out in the 9thover. Moeen Ali cleaned up Virat Kohli’s stumps to claim his second wicket of the innings as RCB were 79-3 at the halfway mark.
Rajat Patidar and Mahipal Lomror helped RCB regain the momentum with a crucial partnership of 44. Both Patidar and Lomror added a four and six each.
RCB were 123/3 at the end of 15 overs before Dwaine Pretorius broke the partnership to dismiss Patidar thanks to a fine running catch by Mukesh Choudhary.
Lomror kept the fours coming and was joined by Dinesh Karthik at the other end. Maheesh Theekshana claimed three wickets in the penultimate over including the key wicket of Lomror.
Karthik hammered 2 sixes in the final over to help RCB reach 173/8 in the first innings.
Brief ScoresRoyal Challengers Bangalore173/8 Mahipal Lomror 42 Faf du Plessis 38 Maheesh Theekshana 3-27beatChennai Super Kings160/8 Devon Conway 56 Moeen Ali 34 Harshal Patel 3-35by 13 runs.

Date 03 May 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 48 GT Vs PBKS – Match Report


The Punjab Kings PBKS bounced back in style in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 after registering a victory against Gujarat Titans GT by 8 wickets on Tuesday at the DY Patil Stadium in Navi Mumbai.
Punjab Kings successfully chased the target with four overs to spare after Kagiso Rabada’s impressive four-wicket haul was followed by Shikhar Dhawan’s brisk half-century and Liam Livingstone’s explosive finish with the bat.
Chasing 144 PBKS lost Jonny Bairstow early after the opener was caught by Pradeep Sangwan off Mohammad Shami’s bowling.
The pressure of an early wicket didn’t affect Shikhar Dhawan at the other end as the left-handed batter smacked three fours as well as a ramp shot for a maximum.
Dhawan added two fours and PBKS were 43-1 at the end of the powerplay. Bhanuka Rajapaksa supported the opener with two consecutive fours.
The fifty partnership was up for the second wicket as Dhawan and Rajapaksa kept the runs ticking. PBKS were 76-1 at the halfway mark.
Dhawan notched his half-century in the next over with a four. Rajapaksa at the other end hammered a six but was dismissed on the very next ball after the left-handed batter was trapped LBW.
Dhawan was joined by Liam Livingstone as the asking rate was below 6 for the Punjab Kings with five overs to go.
Livingstone smoked three sixes in a row followed by two fours against Shami in the 16thover which produced 30 runs as PBKS surpassed the target with four overs to spare.
Earlier Gujarat Titans who opted to bat first remained unchanged from their previous victory.
A direct hit from Rishi Dhawan provided PBKS a head start as Shubman Gill fell short of the crease.
Wriddhiman Saha looked in sublime form after three cracking shots for four followed by a maximum. However the wicketkeeper batter was caught by Mayank Agarwal off Rabada’s bowling.
Skipper Hardik Pandya and Sai Sudharsan were out in the middle and GT were 42-2 at the end of the powerplay. Rishi Dhawan claimed the crucial wicket of Hardik Pandya who was caught behind in the 7thover.
GT were 62-3 at the halfway mark as Sai Sudharsan was joined by David Miller. GT were in further trouble after Livingstone dismissed Miller as the left-handed batter was caught at long-off.
Sudharsan creamed three fours and was joined by Rahul Tewatia. GT were 98-4 with five overs to go.
Rabada claimed two wickets on consecutive deliveries to dismiss Tewatia and Rashid Khan in the 17thover.
Sudharsan reached his maiden IPL fifty but GT lost two more wickets. While Arshdeep Singh rattled the stumps of Pradeep Sangwan Lockie Ferguson holed out to the deep as Rabada picked his fourth of the innings.
GT reached 143/8 after the final over produced 11 runs as Sudharsan remained unbeaten on 64*.
Brief ScoresPunjab Kings145/2 Shikhar Dhawan 62* Bhanuka Rajapaksa 40 Lockie Ferguson 1-29beatGujarat Titans143/8 Sai Sudharsan 64* Wriddhiman Saha 21 Kagiso Rabada 4-33by 8 wickets.

Date 02 May 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 47 KKR Vs RR – Match Report


The Kolkata Knight Riders KKR were back to winning ways in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 after registering a victory against Rajasthan Royals RR by 7 wickets on Monday at the Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai.
Nitish Rana and Rinku Singh stitched a match-winning partnership which changed the momentum of the game as KKR sealed a crucial seven-wicket win.
Chasing 153 KKR lost an early wicket in the form of Aaron Finch who edged the ball onto the stumps as Kuldeep Sen scalped his first wicket.
Prasidh Krishna provided the second wicket for RR after Baba Indrajith was caught by Ashwin at fine leg. KKR were 32-2 at the end of the powerplay.
RR spinners – Ravi Ashwin and Yuzvendra Chahal built pressure on KKR skipper Shreyas Iyer and Nitish Rana after the next three overs produced only 18 runs.
KKR were 59-2 at the halfway mark before Rana released pressure with 2 fours and six off Ravi Ashwin.
Shreyas Iyer launched a six against Chahal before he fell victim to a soft dismissal after the KKR skipper was caught behind off Boult’s bowling.
KKR required 46 off the final five overs before new batter Rinku Singh flicked an effortless six against Kuldeep Sen.
The equation was down to 31 off 18 balls. Rinku Singh added three fours and the fifty partnership was up for the fourth wicket.
KKR chased down the total with 1 required off the final over as Rana finished the game with a maximum.
Earlier RR who were put in to bat first made one change – Karun Nair replaced Daryl Mitchell in the eleven.
Umesh Yadav dismissed Devdutt Padikkal after taking a catch off his own bowling as RR lost an early wicket.
Opener Jos Buttler was joined by RR skipper Sanju Samson who struck 3 fours and a six inside the powerplay as RR were 38-1 after 6 overs.
The experienced duo stitched a 48-run partnership for the second wicket with Samson doing the majority of the hitting. Tim Southee broke the stand after Buttler was caught at long-on by Mavi.
RR were 62/2 at the half-way mark. Skipper Samson led the charge with the bat and creamed two sublime fours while Karun Nair rotated the strike at the other end.
Nair attempted to clear the ropes in the 14thover but the batter was caught by Rinku Singh off Anukul Roy’s bowling.
Fifty was up for Samson who was joined by Riyan Parag as RR crossed the 100-run mark in the 14thover.
Narine conceded only 3 runs in the 16thover as KKR pulled things back. Tim Southee and Shivam Mavi dismissed Samson and Parag respectively after both batters were caught in the deep.
20 runs were conceded off the penultimate over after Shimron Hetmyer crunched two sixes. The left-handed batter added one more four to the total as RR posted 152-5 in the first innings.
Brief ScoresKolkata Knight Riders158/3 Nitish Rana 48* Rinku Singh 42* Trent Boult 1-25 beatRajasthan Royals152/5 Sanju Samson 54 Shimron Hetmyer 27* Tim Southee 2-46by 7 wickets.

Date 01 May 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 46 SRH Vs CSK – Match Report


The Chennai Super Kings CSK were back to winning ways in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 after registering a victory against Sunrisers Hyderabad SRH by 13 runs on Sunday at the Maharashtra Cricket Association Stadium in Pune.
Ruturaj Gaikwad 99 and Devon Conway 85* starred in CSK’s 13-run victory after the duo stitched a glorious match-winning partnership to take CSK to 202/2 in the first innings.
Chasing a challenging target of 203 SRH openers – Kane Williamson and Abhishek Sharma were off to a flier and SRH were 46-0 after 4 overs.
Williamson and Sharma whacked a six each to put CSK bowlers under pressure. Sharma got a reprieve in the third over.
The fifty partnership was up for the opening wicket before Mukesh Chaudhary scalped two wickets on consecutive deliveries. While Sharma holed out to the deep Rahul Tripathi sliced it straight to short third man.
Aiden Markram and Williamson added 30 runs for the next wicket. Markram crunched consecutive sixes against Santner but the bowler had the last laugh after Markram was caught at deep mid-wicket.
SRH were 89-3 at the half-way mark. Nicholas Pooran showed intent immediately and crunched a six as the 100 was up for SRH in the 12thover.
Williamson and Pooran clubbed a six each but Dwaine Pretorius claimed the all-important wicket of the SRH skipper after Williamson was trapped LBW.
The equation was down to 56 off 18 for SRH after Pooran smashed his third six of the innings. Mukesh Choudhary added two more wickets to the tally after dismissing Shashank Singh and Washington Sundar in the 18thover.
Pooran reached his fifty after hitting three sixes and a four in the final over but SRH fell 14 runs short of the target.
Earlier CSK who were put in to bat first made two changes – Devon Conway and Simarjeet Singh were named in the eleven.
CSK openers - Devon Conway and Ruturaj Gaikwad made a cautious start with the bat but did not lose any wicket inside the powerplay. Ruturaj Gaikwad smacked two sixes and did the majority of the hitting as CSK were 40/0 after 6 overs.
Both Conway and Gaikwad added a four and a six each in the next two overs. Gaikwad took on Umran Malik’s rapid pace and creamed consecutive fours to bring up his half-century.
The hundred partnership was up for the opening wicket after Gaikwad hammered two sixes in a row off Markram’s bowling.
17 runs were conceded from the 12thover bowled by Umran Malik as the CSK openers continued striking the ball to all parts of the ground.
Conway thumped two sixes and a four against Marco Jansen to reach his half-century. The 150 partnership was up for the opening wicket and CSK were 153-0 at the end of 15 overs.
Unfortunately for CSK Gaikwad fell one run short of the three figure mark after the right-handed opener was caught at backward point off Natarajan’s bowling.
Natarajan scalped his second wicket to dismiss CSK skipper MS Dhoni but Conway added two fours in the final over to take CSK to 202/2 in the first innings.
Brief ScoresChennai Super Kings202/2 Ruturaj Gaikwad 99 Devon Conway 85* T Natarajan 2-42beatSunrisers Hyderabad189-6 Nicholas Pooran 64* Kane Williamson 47 Mukesh Choudhary 4-46by 13 runs.

Date 01 May 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 45 DC Vs LSG – Match Report


The Lucknow Super Giants LSG won third game on the trot in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 after registering a victory against Delhi Capitals DC by 6 runs on Sunday at the Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai.
A captain’s knock of 7751 from KL Rahul and a four-wicket haul from Mohsin Khan sealed a final-over victory for LSG.
Chasing a competitive target of 196 DC lost Prithvi Shaw’s wicket early in the innings after the opener was caught at mid-on.
DC openers were back in the hut after David Warner was caught by Badoni at mid-wicket. The pressure of early wickets didn’t affect DC after skipper Pant and Mitchell Marsh took LSG bowling attack to the cleaners.
DC were 66-2 at the end of powerplay and Marsh was on the move with three clean sixes. K Gowtham dismissed the dangerous Marsh after the batter was caught behind in the 8thover.
Ravi Bishnoi deceived Lalit Yadav with a googly to scalp his first wicket. Skipper Pant was dealing in boundaries and DC were 94-4 at the half-way mark.
Pant got a reprieve in the 11thover before Rovman Powell hammered two sixes and a four off Gowtham’s bowling.
Mohsin Khan pushed things back in LSG’s favour after the left-arm seamer knocked the stumps of the DC skipper. He further claimed two more wickets in the 17thover to dismiss the dangerous Powell followed by Shardul Thakur.
Axar Patel brought DC closer with a four and six each as they required 21 off the final over. Kuldeep Yadav and Axar Patel added a six each but DC fell 7 runs short of the target.
Earlier LSG who opted to bat first made one change – K Gowtham replaced Avesh Khan in the eleven.
LSG openers – KL Rahul and Quinton de Kock made a solid start with the bat and LSG were 41/0 in the fourth over as both batters crunched a six each.
Shardul Thakur broke the partnership after Lalit Yadav completed the catch at backward point. LSG were 57-1 at the end of the powerplay.
Rahul switched to attacking mode and creamed two fours against Kuldeep Yadav. Hooda equally mounted pressure from the other end as the fifty partnership was up for the duo.
LSG sailed past 100 in the 11thover. Skipper KL Rahul added one more effortless six and notched his half-century in the 13thover.
Hooda crossed his fifty but was soon dismissed after Thakur took a catch off his own bowling. New batter Marcus Stoinis struck two fours and LSG were 145-2 after 15 overs.
Mustafizur Rahman conceded only 8 runs in the 17thover. Rahul crunched another six in the next over before Lalit Yadav took an excellent catch in the deep off Thakur’s bowling.
LSG finished the innings with a total of 195-3 after Stoinis smoked a six over long-on.
Brief ScoresLucknow Super Giants195/3 KL Rahul 77 Deepak Hooda 52 Shardul Thakur 3-40beat DelhiCapitals189/7 Rishabh Pant 44 Axar Patel 42* Mohsin Khan 4-16by 6 runs.

Date 30 Apr 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 44 RR Vs MI – Match Report


The Mumbai Indians MI won their first game of the season in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 after registering a victory against Rajasthan Royals RR by 5 wickets on Saturday at the DY Patil Stadium in Navi Mumbai.
Suryakumar Yadav and Tilak Varma led the charge with the bat and rescued MI out of trouble as they successfully chased down the target of 159.
Chasing 159 MI were 22/0 in two overs before skipper Rohit Sharma’s top-edge was caught by Daryl Mitchell off Ravi Ashwin’s bowling.
Ishan Kishan put pressure on the bowlers with his aggressive blows but the opener mistimed a pull-shot which was caught by Samson. MI were 41-2 at the end of 6 overs.
Suryakumar Yadav counter-attacked and struck three fours to get going. Tilak Varma was also off the mark with a six straight down the ground.
RR kept things tight with the ball in the next three overs which produced only 14 runs. MI were 75-2 at the 10-over mark.
The fifty partnership was up for the third wicket and MI were on track to chase down the target. Suryakumar Yadav notched his half-century in style with a six in the 14thover.
RR scalped two quick wickets to bounce back in the game. Both – Suryakumar Yadav and Tilak Varma holed out to the deep against Chahal and Krishna’s bowling respectively.
Tim David struck two crucial fours against Kuldeep Sen as the equation was down to a run-a-ball 12.
With MI requiring 4 off 6 Kuldeep Sen kept RR’s hopes alive after Pollard was caught in the outfield. However Daniel Sams wrapped the chase with a six and MI won the contest with four balls to spare.
Earlier RR who were put in to bat first remained unchanged from their previous game.
Devdutt Padikkal was on the move with three fours before the opener was dropped at backward-point in the third over.
Hrithik Shokeen provided the breakthrough for Mumbai Indians after Padikkal was caught by Pollard at long-off. RR were 40-1 at the end of powerplay after Buttler added two fours.
Sanju Samson immediately got into the act with two sixes. However the RR skipper failed to clear the ropes again after being caught at deep point as Kumar Kartikeya scalped his first wicket.
RR were 73-2 at the 10-over mark as Buttler was joined by Daryl Mitchell. The duo kept the runs ticking and added 37 runs for the next wicket.
Daniel Sams put an end to the partnership after Mitchell was caught at covers.
Buttler reached his half-century after hammering four sixes in a row against Shokeen but the spinner managed to dismiss the RR opener on the final delivery.
Ravi Ashwin who was the next batter in played a valuable cameo by adding 3 fours and 1 six before the all-rounder was caught behind in the final over
Brief ScoresMumbai Indians161/5 Suryakumar Yadav 51 Tilak Varma 35 Ravichandran Ashwin 1-21beatRajasthan Royals158/6 Jos Buttler 67 Ravichandran Ashwin 21 Riley Meredith 2-24by 5 wickets.

Date 30 Apr 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 43 GT Vs RCB – Match Report


The Gujarat Titans GT continued their winning run in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 after registering a victory against Royal Challengers Bangalore RCB by 6 wickets on Saturday at the Brabourne Stadium in Mumbai.
Rahul Tewatia and David Miller once again displayed their finishing acumen with the bat for Gujarat Titans as they successfully chased down the target in the last over.
Chasing a target of 171 GT openers – Shubman Gill and Wriddhiman Saha started steadily with the bat with boundaries being scored from both ends. GT were 46-0 at the end of the powerplay.
The fifty partnership was up for the opening wicket before Hasaranga dismissed Saha in the 8thover after the opener was caught in the outfield.
Gill whacked his first six of the innings before the opener was trapped LBW by Shahbaz Ahmed. GT were 77-2 at the half-way mark.
Shahbaz scalped his second wicket after skipper Hardik Pandya was caught by Lomror in the deep.
New batters – David Miller and Sai Sudharsan creamed a four each in the 12thover.
Substitute wicket-keeper Anuj Rawat took a sharp catch behind the stumps to dismiss Sudharsan as Hasaranga claimed his second wicket.
GT required 58 off the final five overs after Miller crunched a four and six each. Miller and Tewatia added three fours in the 16thover.
17 runs were conceded in the 18thover as Tewatia and Miller changed the momentum of the game. Tewatia hit the final ball of the penultimate over for six which brought the equation down to 7 off 6 deliveries.
Tewatia hit the winning runs as GT chased down the target with three balls to spare.
Earlier RCB who elected to bat first made one change – Mahipal Lomror replaced Suyash Prabhudessai in the eleven.
Virat Kohli was off the mark with two fours in the first over. Faf du Plessis however was out without scoring as the RCB skipper was caught behind off Pradeep Sangwan’s bowling.
Kohli continued to take on the GT bowling attack and added 3 more fours. Rajat Patidar struck two fours at the other end and RCB were 43-1 at the end of powerplay.
The fifty partnership was up for the second wicket after Kohli and Patidar were dealing in boundaries.
Kohli reached his half-century in the 13thover as RCB crossed the 100-run mark in the 13thover.
Patidar reached his maiden IPL fifty before the batter was caught by Gill as Sangwan claimed his second wicket.
GT added further pressure after Kohli was bowled by Shami in the 17thover and Dinesh Karthik was caught off Rashid Khan’s bowling.
Glenn Maxwell at the other end attacked aggressively and raced off to 33 off 18 after smashing three fours and two sixes. Ferguson brought an end to Maxwell’s innings after Rashid Khan took a sharp catch at extra cover.
15 runs were conceded in the final over after Mahipal Lomror smacked a six and four each before he was caught on the final delivery as RCB finished with a total of 170/6.
Brief ScoresGujarat Titans174/4 Rahul Tewatia 43* David Miller 39* Shahbaz Ahmed 2-26beatRoyal Challengers Bangalore170/6 Virat Kohli 58 Rajat Patidar 52 Pradeep Sangwan 2-19by 6 wickets.

Date 29 Apr 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 42 PBKS Vs LSG – Match Report


The Lucknow Super Giants LSG won their second game on the bounce in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 after registering a victory against Punjab Kings PBKS by 20 runs on Friday at the Maharashtra Cricket Association Stadium in Pune.
LSG successfully defended the target of 154 courtesy of an impressive bowling performance led by Mohsin Khan and Krunal Pandya who combined to take five crucial wickets.
Chasing 154 PBKS openers – Shikhar Dhawan and Mayank Agarwal started steadily with the bat. Agarwal walloped two fours and as many sixes before the PBKS skipper was caught at mid-off by his opposite number.
PBKS were 46-1 at the end of the powerplay. Ravi Bishnoi castled Dhawan with a slider and struck immediately after being introduced to the attack.
Krunal Pandya took the third wicket of the innings after Rajapaksa’s leading edge was caught inside the circle.
The English duo of Liam Livingstone and Jonny Bairstow were out in the middle as PBKS were 67-3 at the end of ten overs.
Livingstone crunched two consecutive sixes against Bishnoi but the right-handed batter was caught behind later off Mohsin Khan’s bowling.
PBKS were in further trouble after Jitesh Sharma was trapped LBW by Krunal Pandya who bowled a wicket-maiden over.
Bairstow struck two fours before the PBKS batter was caught at the third-man region. Mohsin Khan scalped two wickets in the 18thover to dismiss Rabada and Chahar.
PBKS fell short by 20 runs after needing 31 runs off the final over and LSG successfully defended the total in the end.
Earlier LSG who were put in to bat first made one change – Avesh Khan replaced Manish Pandey in the eleven.
PBKS bowled sharply with the new ball as Rabada scalped an early wicket of opposition skipper KL Rahul who was caught behind in the third over.
Quinton de Kock struck the ball cleanly for two sixes as LSG were 39-1 at the end of the powerplay.
Deepak Hooda who joined de Kock out in the middle hit his first six of the innings with a lofted shot in the 9thover.
LSG were 67-1 at the half-way mark before Hooda launched his second six out of the ground followed by a four.
de Kock struck two fours in the 13th over before the opener was caught behind off Sandeep Sharma’s bowling. In the next over a fantastic direct hit from Bairstow in the deep brought an end to Hooda’s stay at the crease.
Rabada added two more wickets to the tally to dismiss Krunal Pandya and Ayush Badoni.
Rahul Chahar grabbed a brilliant catch off his own bowling to dismiss Marcus Stoinis in the next over and then dismissed Holder who was caught in the deep.
Mohsin Khan and Dushmantha Chameera smacked a six each before Rabada claimed his fourth wicket to dismiss Chameera.
Mohsin Khan creamed a four on the final delivery as PBKS posted 153/8 in the first innings.
Brief ScoresLucknow Super Giants153/6 Quinton de Kock 46 Deepak Hooda 34 Kagiso Rabada 4-38beatPunjab Kings133/8 Jonny Bairstow 32 Mayank Agarwal 25 Mohsin Khan 3-24by 20 runs.

Date 28 Apr 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 41 DC Vs KKR – Match Report


The Delhi Capitals DC were back to winning ways in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 after registering a victory against Kolkata Knight Riders KKR by 4 wickets on Thursday at the Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai.
Kuldeep Yadav was the pick of the bowlers as he continued his impressive run with the ball and starred with a four-wicket haul leading DC to a crucial victory.
Chasing 147 DC lost Prithvi Shaw’s wicket on the first ball of the innings after Umesh Yadav took a wonderful catch off his own bowling. Harshit Rana claimed his maiden IPL wicket to dismiss Mitchell Marsh.
David Warner was on the move with five fours and was joined by Lalit Yadav as DC were 47/2 at the end of the powerplay.
The duo stitched a fifty partnership for the third wicket. Yadav sliced a six followed by a four as DC were 80-2 after 9 overs.
Umesh Yadav got KKR back in the game with the wicket of Warner who was caught in the deep for 42.
KKR scalped two wickets in no time to dismiss Lalit Yadav and DC skipper Rishabh Pant. While Lalit Yadav was trapped LBW by Narine Pant was caught behind off Yadav’s bowling.
Axar Patel hit 2 fours and a six before the left-handed batter was run-out for 24 as DC required 34 off the final five overs.
14 runs were conceded in the 17thover after Rovman Powell whacked a four and six bringing DC closer to the target.
With only 4 runs required off the final two overs Powell wrapped the chase with a maximum.
Earlier KKR who were put in to bat first made three changes – Aaron Finch Harshith Rana and Baba Indrajith were named in the eleven.
Chetan Sakariya provided early success for DC in the second over. Aaron Finch was dropped before the opener was bowled on the very next delivery.
Venkatesh Iyer was caught at short fine-leg off Axar Patel’s bowling and KKR were 29-2 at the end of the powerplay.
KKR lost the wickets of Baba Indrajith and Sunil Narine on consecutive deliveries as Kuldeep Yadav struck twice in the 9thover.
Skipper Shreyas Iyer was joined by Nitish Rana as KKR were 56-4 at the half-way mark. Iyer eased off the pressure by hitting two fours in the 12thover. Rana smacked the first six of the innings in the next over.
However Kuldeep Yadav didn’t let the momentum slip away and scalped the wickets of Iyer and Andre Russell in the same over to pick a four-wicket haul.
Nitish Rana continued the flow of runs from one end as the left-handed batter added three fours and as many sixes as KKR were 128-6 at the end of 18 overs.
Rana reached his fifty with a six. Rinku Singh at the other end creamed three fours as the duo stitched a vital fifty partnership.
Mustafizur Rahman scalped three wickets in the final over to restrict KKR to 146-9 in the first innings.
Brief ScoresDelhi Capitals150/6 David Warner 42 Rovman Powell 33* Umesh Yadav 3-24beat Kolkata Knight Riders146/9 Nitish Rana 57 Shreyas Iyer 42 Kuldeep Yadav 4-14by 4 wickets.

Date 27 Apr 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 40 GT Vs SRH – Match Report


The Gujarat Titans GT climbed to the Top of the points table in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 with a victory in the last over against Sunrisers Hyderabad SRH by 5 wickets on Wednesday at the Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai.
Gujarat Titans emerged victorious in a thrilling last-ball finish amidst Umran Malik’s supreme fast bowling display which included a fabulous five-wicket haul.
Chasing a huge target of 196 GT openers – Shubman Gill and Wriddhiman Saha responded strongly at the top and scored 31/0 in the first three overs. Saha was on the move and hit 7 fours and a six in the powerplay.
The fifty partnership was up for the opening wicket and SRH were 59-0 after 6 overs. Gill thumped his first six in the 7thover against Washington Sundar.
Umran Malik brought SRH back to the game with two wickets. First the speedster rattled the off-stump of Gill and then scalped Hardik Pandya’s wicket after the GT skipper was caught by Jansen.
Saha crossed his half-century in the 11thover and was joined by David Miller. The opener creamed consecutive fours against Jansen as GT required 87 off 48.
Umran Malik bowled a 153 KPH yorker to scalp the decisive wicket of Saha. GT required 61 off the final five after Tewatia added two fours.
Malik continued his bowling brilliance and picked the wickets of Miller and Abhinav Manohar on consecutive deliveries to pick up his maiden fifer in the tournament.
The equation was down to 35 off 12 deliveries as Tewatia brought GT closer with a four and six against Natarajan.
With 22 required off 6 the left-handed batter smacked yet another maximum before Rashid Khan smoked three sixes to get GT over the line on the final ball.

Earlier SRH who were put in to bat first made one change – Washington Sundar was named in the eleven.
SRH started well with the bat and were 22-0 before Mohammad Shami rattled the stumps to dismiss SRH skipper Kane Williamson in the third over.
Rahul Tripathi whacked a six and two fours but Shami trapped the batter LBW in the same over. Opener Abhishek Sharma creamed two fours and SRH were 53-2 after 6 overs.
Aiden Markram and Abhishek Sharma stitched a vital partnership and SRH were 84-2 at the half-way mark.
Abhishek Sharma brought up his half-century with a six and the boundaries kept flowing off the bat of Markram and Sharma.
SRH were 140-2 at the end of 15 overs before Alzarri Joseph brought an end to the partnership after Sharma dragged one into the stumps.
Shami claimed his third wicket of the innings after Pooran was caught at long-on. Markram meanwhile reached his half-century with a maximum.
GT picked two quick wickets including that of Markram who was caught by Miller. Washington Sundar was run-out courtesy of a direct hit from Alzarri Joseph.
Shashank Singh hammered 25 runs off 6 deliveries including three sixes against Lockie Ferguson to take SRH to 195-6 in the first innings.
Brief ScoresGujarat Titans199/5 Wriddhiman Saha 68 Rahul Tewatia 40* Umran Malik 5-25beat Sunrisers Hyderabad195/6 Abhishek Sharma 65 Aiden Markram 56 Mohammad Shami 3-39by 5 wickets.

Date 26 Apr 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 39 RCB Vs RR – Match Report


The Rajasthan Royals RR continued their winning run in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 with a victory against Royal Challengers Bangalore RCB by 29 runs on Tuesday at the Maharashtra Cricket Association Stadium in Pune.
Riyan Parag’s unbeaten 56*31 and Kuldeep Sen’s splendid four-wicket haul led Rajasthan Royals to a 29-run victory as well as to the top of the table.
Chasing 145 RCB lost an early wicket after Virat Kohli was caught inside the circle off Prasidh Krishna’s bowling.
Skipper Faf du Plessis batted patiently at the start before creaming three fours and a six as RCB were 37/1 at the end of the powerplay.
Kuldeep Sen claimed two wickets in two deliveries to dismiss du Plessis and Maxwell in the 7thover. While the RCB skipper was caught at covers Maxwell sliced the ball straight to slips.
Shahbaz Ahmed and Rajat Patidar steadied the innings before Ashwin bamboozled Patidar in the 10thover and uprooted the off-stump.
Prabhudessai failed to clear the ropes in the 12thover as Ashwin scalped his second wicket. RCB were in deep trouble as Dinesh Karthik fell short of the crease and was run-out for 6.
Ashwin picked his third wicket of the innings to dismiss Shahbaz Ahmed after Riyan Parag took a fine running catch.
Kuldeep Sen and Prasidh Krishna added a wicket each and RCB required 30 off the final over. Harshal Patel was the final RCB batter to be dismissed as Kuldeep picked his fourth wicket of the innings.
Earlier RR who were put in to bat first made two changes – Daryl Mitchell and Kuldeep Sen were named in the eleven.
Devdutt Padikkal smacked the first six of the game off Mohammed Siraj’s bowling but the pacer had the last laugh after Padikkal was trapped LBW in the 2ndover.
Ravi Ashwin who was promoted up the order hit the ground running with four fours before Siraj took a catch off his own bowling to scalp the all-rounder’s wicket.
Josh Hazlewood then claimed the crucial wicket of Buttler who was caught at mid-on and RR were 43-3 at the end of the powerplay.
Skipper Samson chose the aggressive route and crunched two sixes in the 8thover. Hasaranga put an end to the RR skipper’s innings after Samson missed the reverse-sweep and the ball plunged on to the stumps.
Riyan Parag joined Daryl Mitchell in the middle and hammered a six straight down the ground in the 11thover. RR reached their 100-run mark in the 15thover.
Hazlewood and Hasaranga created further damage with the ball as both – Daryl Mitchell and Shimron Hetmyer were caught in the deep.
Virat Kohli took a sharp catch in the 18thover to dismiss Trent Boult while Prasidh Krishna was run-out by Prabhudessai.
Parag reached his half-century off 29 deliveries and wrapped the innings with a six as RR posted 144-8 at the end of 20 overs.
Brief ScoresRajasthan Royals144/8 Riyan Parag 56* Sanju Samson 27 Josh Hazlewood 2-19beat Royal Challengers Bangalore115 all out Faf du Plessis 23 Wanindu Hasaranga 18 Kuldeep Sen 4-20by 29 runs.

Date 25 Apr 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 38 PBKS Vs CSK – Match Report


The Punjab Kings PBKS bounced back in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 with a victory against Chennai Super Kings CSK by 11 runs on Monday at the Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai.
In his 200thIPL game Shikhar Dhawan blazed with the bat and scored an unbeaten 88*59 before PBKS clinched a 11-run victory in yet another last-over finish.
Chasing a target of 188 CSK lost Robin Uthappa’s wicket early after the opener was caught inside the circle off Sandeep Sharma’s bowling.
Ruturaj Gaikwad struck two fours before Arshdeep Singh knocked Mitchell Santner’s stumps as CSK were 32-2 at the end of the powerplay.
Shivam Dube was the next batter to be dismissed after the left-handed batter insideedged the ball onto the stumps against Rishi Dhawan.
The 9thover produced 13 runs after Rayudu hit a four and six each. CSK were 69-3 at the half-way mark before Rayudu added another four and six to the total.
Rabada broke the partnership after Gaikwad was caught in the deep in the 13thover. Rayudu reached his half-century in the 15thover with a six and CSK required 70 off the final five.
23 runs were conceded in the 16thover after Rayudu hammered three consecutive sixes followed by a four. The equation was down to 47 runs from 24 deliveries.
Rabada cleaned up the stumps of Ambati Rayudu in the 18thover to pull back the momentum.
Arshdeep Singh conceded only 8 runs in the penultimate over and CSK required 27 off 6 deliveries.
MS Dhoni smacked a six on the first delivery but PBKS won the game in the end by 11 runs after Dhoni was caught in the deep.
Earlier PBKS who were put in to bat first made three changes – Bhanuka Rajapaksa Sandeep Sharma and Rishi Dhawan were named in the eleven.
CSK bowlers started effectively and put openers – Mayank Agarwal and Shikhar Dhawan under pressure after PBKS were 29-0 after five overs.
Maheesh Theekshana provided the opening wicket for CSK in the form of the opposition skipper Mayank Agarwal who was caught at backward point.
Bhanuka Rajapaksa the next batter was dropped twice before adding a four and a six to take PBKS to 72-1 at the half-way mark.
Dhawan creamed three fours against Mukesh Choudhary as 16 runs came from the 12thover. The PBKS opener reached his fifty in the 14thover while Rajapaksa thumped a six down the ground.
The boundaries kept flowing from the bat of Shikhar Dhawan as the hundred partnership was up for the pair. Bravo put an end to the partnership after Rajapaksa was caught by Shivam Dube in the 18thover.
Liam Livingstone crunched two sixes and one four in the 19thover before the right-handed batter was dismissed in the final over by Bravo.
Dhawan remained unbeaten on 88 as PBKS posted 187/4 in the first innings.
Brief ScoresPunjab Kings187/4 Shikhar Dhawan 88* Bhanuka Rajapaksa 42 Dwayne Bravo 2-42beat Chennai Super Kings176/6 Ambati Rayudu 78 Ruturaj Gaikwad 30 Kagiso Rabada 2-23by 11 runs.

Date 24 Apr 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 37 LSG Vs MI – Match Report


The Lucknow Super Giants LSG were back to winning ways in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 after a comprehensive victory against the Mumbai Indians MI by 36 runs on Sunday at the Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai.
KL Rahul led the charge with the bat and slammed his second remarkable century of the season as a compelling performance from LSG ensured a 36-run victory in Mumbai.
Chasing a target of 169 MI openers – Rohit Sharma and Ishan Kishan took time to get going. The MI skipper led the charge with the bat and got off the mark with a four.
Rohit smacked his first maximum of the innings in the 6thover and MI were 43-0 at the end of the powerplay.
Ravi Bishnoi scalped Kishan’s wicket after the left-handed batter was caught at first slip. Dewald Brevis was caught at third-man in the 9thover off Mohsin Khan’s bowling.
MI lost two more wickets and found themselves in a challenging position following the dismissals of Rohit Sharma and Suryakumar Yadav.
Bishnoi’s second over produced 16 runs after Tilak Varma switched gears to hit two sixes.
With 71 required off the final five overs Varma creamed consecutive fours off the first two deliveries off Holder’s bowling.
Pollard and Varma brought MI closer as they required 50 off the last three overs. Holder conceded only 6 runs and picked the crucial wicket of Tilak Varma.
Dushmantha Chameera conceded only 5 runs in the penultimate over. Krunal Pandya who bowled the final over scalped two wickets as well as a run-out as LSG won by 36 runs in the end.
Earlier LSG who were put in to bat first made one change – Mohsin Khan replaced Avesh Khan in the eleven.
LSG openers – KL Rahul and Quinton de Kock started cautiously. Jasprit Bumrah provided the opening breakthrough for Mumbai Indians.
While de Kock got a reprieve in the fourth over the left-handed batter was caught inside the circle on the very next ball.
At the end of powerplay LSG were 32-1 and skipper KL Rahul was joined by Manish Pandey at the crease.
After a quiet couple of overs Rahul played a release shot in the 9thover which went all the way for a maximum.
17 runs came from the 10thover after Pandey smacked his first six of the innings while Rahul added 2 fours as LSG were 72-1 at the half-way stage.
KL Rahul reached his half-century in the next over before Kieron Pollard broke the partnership as Pandey was caught at short fine-leg.
MI took two more wickets in quick succession as Daniel Sams and Pollard dismissed Stoinis and Krunal Pandya respectively.
A soft dismissal brought an end to Deepak Hooda’s knock and LSG were 126/5 with four overs to go.
KL Rahul creamed three fours in a row in the 18thover and moved into the nineties. Jasprit Bumrah conceded only four runs in the penultimate over.
LSG skipper reached his second century of the season with a six. Ayush Badoni smacked a maximum straight down the ground before he holed out to long-on as LSG finished their innings with a total of 168/6.
Brief ScoresLucknow Super Giants168/6 KL Rahul 103* Manish Pandey 22 Kieron Pollard 2-8beat Mumbai Indians132/8 Rohit Sharma 39 Tilak Varma 38 Krunal Pandya 3-19by 36 runs.

Date 23 Apr 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 36 RCB Vs SRH – Match Report


The Sunrisers Hyderabad SRH registered a comprehensive victory in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 after defeating the Royal Challengers Bangalore RCB by 9 wickets on Saturday at the Brabourne Stadium in Mumbai.
Three wickets apiece from Marco Jansen and T Natarajan restricted RCB to 68 in the first innings before SRH chased down the target with 12 overs to spare.
Chasing a target of 69 SRH openers – Kane Williamson and Abhishek Sharma started on a confident note.
Abhishek Sharma did the majority of the hitting and played quality strokes at the top to get going.
The left-handed batter raced off to 28 off 17 deliveries with four fours and one six. SRH skipper Williamson on the other hand kept rotating the strike and played second fiddle.
Williamson and Abhishek Sharma creamed a four each as SRH were 56/0 at the end of the powerplay.
Abhishek Sharma fell 3 runs short of a half-century after the left-handed batter was caught in the deep by Anuj Rawat off Harshal Patel’s bowling.
Rahul Tripathi finished things off in style with a six as SRH chased down the target with 12 overs to spare.
Earlier RCB who were put in to bat first were in early trouble after losing four wickets inside the powerplay.
Marco Jansen was exceptional with the new ball and claimed the wicket of RCB skipper Faf du Plessis followed by Virat Kohli and Anuj Rawat.
Glenn Maxwell was caught by Williamson who took a diving catch at extra-cover in the 5thover. At the end of the powerplay RCB were 25-4.
Jagadeesha Suchith then struck twice to dismiss Suyash Prabhudessai as well as the dangerous Dinesh Karthik.
While Prabhudessai was stumped for 15 Dinesh Karthik was caught behind in the 9thover.
Troubles increased further for RCB after Shahbaz Ahmed was caught behind off Umran Malik’s bowling.
Natarajan rattled the stumps of Harshal Patel followed by Wanindu Hasaranga to pick the next two wickets and RCB were 9 down inside 15 overs.
Bhuvneshwar Kumar picked the final wicket of the innings after SRH skipper Williamson took a running catch to dismiss Mohammed Siraj as RCB were 68 all out in the first innings.
Brief ScoresSunrisers Hyderabad72-1 Abhishek Sharma 47 Kane Williamson 16 Harshal Patel 1-18beat Royal Challengers Bangalore68 Suyash Prabhudessai 15 Glenn Maxwell 12 T Natarajan 3-10by 9 wickets.

Date 23 Apr 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 35 KKR Vs GT – Match Report


The Gujarat Titans GT won a last-over thriller in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 against the Kolkata Knight Riders KKR by 8 runs on Saturday at the DY Patil Stadium in Navi Mumbai.
Hardik Pandya led from the front and anchored Gujarat Titans to a competitive total of 156-9 as GT registered a victory in a final-over thriller by 8 runs.
Chasing 157 KKR lost two early wickets as openers – Sam Billings and Sunil Narine were back in the hut as Mohammad Shami claimed two wickets.
Nitish Rana was the next man to be dismissed after the left-handed batter was caught behind off Lockie Ferguson’s bowling.
KKR were 34-3 at the end of the powerplay before Shreyas Iyer was caught behind as Yash Dayal picked his first wicket of the innings.
50 was up for KKR in the 8thover as Rinku Singh and Venkatesh Iyer kept the runs ticking.
Rinku Singh hit four fours and a six before the left-handed batter was caught behind off Yash Dayal who scalped his second wicket of the innings.
Andre Russell was caught at fine-leg but the all-rounder survived after Yash Dayal over-stepped in the 13thover.
Russell later smacked two sixes but Venkatesh Iyer was dismissed at the other end after the left-handed batter holed out to the deep off Rashid Khan’s bowling and Abhinav Manohar took a sharp catch in the outfield.
KKR required 50 off the final five before Rashid Khan castled Shivam Mavi to claim his second wicket.
Shami conceded only 8 runs in the 17thover and KKR required 37 off 18 deliveries.
Both Umesh Yadav and Russell hit a six each to bring the equation down to 18 off 6 deliveries.
Russell smacked a six on the first ball before Ferguson took a brilliant running catch to dismiss the all-rounder as GT defended the total to win the game by 8 runs.
Earlier GT opted to bat first and skipper Hardik Pandya was back in the eleven. KKR claimed an early wicket to dismiss Shubman Gill who was caught behind down the leg side.
The pressure of an early wicket didn’t affect GT after Hardik Pandya and Wriddhiman Saha batted aggressively and GT were 47-1 after 6 overs.
GT skipper introduced the ramp shot into the play for a maximum against Shivam Mavi and later lofted Chakaravarthy for a six in the 8thover.
GT were 78-1 before Umesh Yadav put an end to the partnership to dismiss Saha who was caught at backward point for 25.
Skipper Hardik Pandya reached his half-century for the third consecutive time in the season and GT crossed the 100-run mark in the 13thover.
David Miller slammed two sixes and a four as GT were 127/2 with 5 overs to go. Mavi was back to bowl his third over and removed Miller who was out for 27.
Southee struck twice in his final over to remove the dangerous Pandya followed by a crucial wicket of Rashid Khan.
Andre Russell bowled the final over of the innings and claimed four wickets which helped KKR restrict GT to 156/9.
Brief ScoresGujarat Titans156/9 Hardik Pandya 67 David Miller 27 Andre Russell 4-5beat Kolkata Knight Riders148/8 Andre Russell 48 Rinku Singh 35 Mohammad Shami 2-20by 8 runs.

Date 22 Apr 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 34 DC Vs RR – Match Report


The Rajasthan Royals RR climbed to the top of the table in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 after defeating the Delhi Capitals DC by 15 runs on Friday at the Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai.
RR climbed to the top of the table with a 15-run victory after Jos Buttler slammed his third century of the season and propelled RR to a mammoth total of 222/2.
Chasing a challenging target of 223 DC openers – David Warner and Prithvi Shaw responded strongly with the bat and DC were 35/0 after 4 overs.
Warner hit consecutive fours in the 5th over before the left-handed batter was caught behind off Prasidh Krishna’s bowling. Ashwin scalped Sarfaraz Khan’s wicket on the first delivery of his spell and DC were 55-2 at the end of 6 overs.
DC skipper Rishabh Pant partnered with Shaw to collectively hammer 26 runs off 9thover bowled by Obed McCoy.
DC were approaching the 100-run mark before Ashwin claimed his second wicket to dismiss the dangerous Shaw for 37.
The next over bowled by Riyan Parag produced 22 runs after Pant whacked two sixes and a four.
Pant got a reprieve in the 12thover but was caught by Padikkal who took a brilliant catch not much later to put an end to the DC skipper’s innings.
Chahal knocked the stumps of Axar Patel in the 13thover and DC were 5 down as Shardul Thakur joined Lalit Yadav at the crease.
Lalit Yadav smacked two fours and a six before DC lost another wicket as Shardul Thakur fell short of the crease in the 16thover.
Rovman Powell who joined Lalit Yadav kept DC’s hopes alive after the right-handed batter whacked two sixes to bring the equation down to 36 from the final two overs.
However Prasidh Krishna bowled a brilliant wicket-maiden over and DC required 36 off the final over. Rovman Powell hammered three sixes off the first three deliveries but RR won the game by 15 runs in the end.
Earlier RR who were put in to bat first remained unchanged from their previous game. RR openers – Devdutt Padikkal and Jos Buttler got off to a watchful start before Padikkal creamed three consecutive fours in the 4thover.
Buttler clubbed two sixes against Khaleel Ahmed and RR were 44/0 at the end of powerplay.
Padikkal smacked his first six of the innings after the fifty partnership was up for the opening wicket.
15 runs came off the 9thover after Buttler whacked a six and four each against Kuldeep Yadav. The right-handed batter notched his half-century in the 11thover which produced 17 runs.
Buttler continued to mount pressure with the bat and hammered two sixes against Lalit Yadav and RR were 128/0 at the end of 13 overs.
Padikkal reached his half-century in the next over with a four. Buttler entered the nineties after he smoked two sixes and a four. Khaleel Ahmed provided the breakthrough for DC after Padikkal was trapped LBW.
Buttler reached his third century of the season in the 16thover. RR skipper Sanju Samson jumped on the bandwagon and clobbered two sixes and as many fours against Khaleel Ahmed in the 18thover as well as got a reprieve.
Buttler added another six before the right-handed batter was dismissed in the penultimate over off Mustafizur’s bowling. RR skipper Samson wrapped up the innings in style with a six as RR posted a mammoth 222/2 in the first innings.
Brief ScoresRajasthan Royals222/2 Jos Buttler 116 Devdutt Padikkal 54 Mustafizur Rahman 1-43beat Delhi Capitals207/8 Rishabh Pant 44 Lalit Yadav 37 Prasidh Krishna 3-22by 15 runs.

Date 21 Apr 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 33 MI Vs CSK – Match Report


The Chennai Super Kings CSK were back to winning ways in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 after defeating the Mumbai Indians MI by 3 wickets on Thursday at the DY Patil Stadium in Navi Mumbai.
MSD with his calm demeanour got CSK across the line by successfully finishing the game in style with the bat after Mukesh Choudhary shined with bowling figures of 3-19.
Chasing 156 CSK lost Ruturaj Gaikwad’s wicket on the first delivery of the innings after the opener was caught at point off Daniel Sams’ bowling.
Mitchell Santner who was promoted up the order struck two fours but became Sams’ second victim after the left-handed batter was caught by Unadkat.
Ambati Rayudu counter-attacked with two maximums while Robin Uthappa creamed two fours in the 5thover. Uthappa wrapped the powerplay with a six and CSK were 46-2 at the end of the powerplay.
CSK’s 50 was up in the 8thover after Uthappa clubbed his second six of the innings. However the opener was caught in the deep off Unadkat’s bowling in the 9thover.
CSK were 68-3 at the 10-over mark. Ambati Rayudu and Shivam Dube crunched a six each but Daniel Sams once again brought MI back to the game after Dube was caught behind.
Sams scalped his fourth wicket of the innings to dismiss Rayudu and CSK required 53 off the final five. Riley Meredith scalped CSK skipper Jadeja’s wicket and conceded only 5 runs in the 16thover.
Dwaine Pretorius flicked a six and MS Dhoni hit a four to bring the equation down to 28 off 12 deliveries.
CSK scored 11 runs in the penultimate over and required 17 off 6 deliveries. MS Dhoni kept his calm and finished the game in style with one six and two fours to get CSK over the line.
Earlier MI who were put in to bat first made three changes – Daniel Sams Hrithik Shokeen and Riley Meredith were named in the eleven.
Mukesh Choudhary provided a dream start with the ball for CSK with two wickets in the first over. While MI skipper Rohit Sharma was caught at mid-on Ishan Kishan’s off-stump was uprooted by the pacer.
Suryakumar Yadav hit three crisp shots for fours but Choudhary scalped his third wicket as Dewald Brevis was caught behind for 4. MI were 42-3 after 6 overs.
Mitchell Santner removed the dangerous Suryakumar Yadav for 32 after the right-handed batter was caught at long-leg.
MI were 56-4 at the halfway mark. Debutant Hrithik Shokeen creamed two fours and Tilak Varma swept a six to ease off the pressure.
Dwayne Bravo put an end to the partnership after Shokeen was caught by Uthappa. MI crossed the 100-run mark in the 15th over after Kieron Pollard smacked a four followed by a giant maximum straight down the ground.
A tactical field placement near the ropes brought an end to Pollards innings after the right-handed batter was caught off Maheesh Theekshana’s bowling.
Bravo trapped Daniel Sams LBW in the 18thover. Tilak Varma smacked a six in the penultimate over and reached his half-century. Jaydev Unadkat finished the innings with a four followed by a six as MI posted 155-7 in the first innings.
Brief ScoresChennai Super Kings156/7 Ambati Rayudu 40 Robin Uthappa 30 Daniel Sams 4-30beat Mumbai Indians155/7 Tilak Varma 51* Suryakumar Yadav 32 Mukesh Choudhary 3-19by 3 wickets.

Date 20 Apr 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 32 DC Vs PBKS – Match Report


The Delhi Capitals DC were back to winning ways in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 after a convincing victory against the Punjab Kings PBKS by 9 wickets on Wednesday at the Brabourne Stadium in Mumbai.
Explosive knocks from David Warner and Prithvi Shaw secured a comfortable victory for the team with over 9 overs to spare after a complete effort from the DC bowlers restricted PBKS to 115.
Chasing 116 to win DC openers – David Warner and Prithvi Shaw were off to a solid start and DC were 43-0 after 3 overs.
Shaw hit the first six of the innings in the third over while both openers struck four fours each. The fifty partnership was up for the opening wicket in just 21 deliveries.
15 runs came off the 4thover after Warner creamed three fours against Rabada. The duo cashed in on every opportunity as DC were cruising at 81-0 at the end of the powerplay.
Rahul Chahar who bowled the next over put an end to the opening partnership courtesy of a sharp catch in the outfield by Nathan Ellis to dismiss Shaw for 41.
The hundred was up for DC in the 9thover after Warner dispatched a six and a four while new batter Sarfaraz Khan added a four too.
Warner notched his third consecutive half century of the season and wrapped up the chase in style with a four as DC won by 9 wickets with more than 9 overs to spare.
Earlier PBKS who were put in to bat first made two changes – Mayank Agarwal and Nathan Ellis replaced Prabhsimran Singh and Odean Smith respectively.
PBKS skipper Mayank Agarwal started the innings on a confident note and creamed three fours in the 3rdover before Lalit Yadav provided the opening breakthrough to dismiss Dhawan who was caught behind.
PBKS lost two more wickets inside the powerplay. While Agarwal chopped on against Mustafizur Livingstone was out stumped facing Axar Patel in the 6thover.
PBKS were 47-3 at the end of 6 overs before Bairstow was caught at fine leg off Khaleel Ahmed’s bowling.
Jitesh Sharma steadied the ship with five fours and PBKS were 77-4 at the halfway stage.
Axar Patel broke the partnership after Jitesh Sharma was trapped LBW.
Kuldeep Yadav struck twice in the next over after Kagiso Rabada and Nathan Ellis were cleaned up.
Khaleel Ahmed claimed his second wicket after Shahrukh Khan was caught behind for 12.
Rahul Chahar added 12 runs on the board before the right-handed batter was caught in the deep.
DC conceded only 6 runs in the final two overs as PBKS posted 115 in the first innings.
Brief ScoresDelhi Capitals119/1 David Warner 60* Prithvi Shaw 41 Rahul Chahar 1-21beat Punjab Kings115 Jitesh Sharma 32 Mayank Agarwal 24 Axar Patel 2-10by 9 wickets.

Date 19 Apr 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 31 LSG Vs RCB – Match Report


The Royal Challengers Bangalore RCB registered their fifth victory in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 after defeating the Lucknow Super Giants LSG by 18 runs on Tuesday at the DY Patil Stadium in Navi Mumbai.
A captain’s knock at the top from Faf du Plessis 96 and an exceptional four-wicket haul from Josh Hazlewood led RCB to an 18-run victory.
Chasing 182 to win LSG lost Quinton de Kock’s wicket early in the chase after the left-handed opener was caught at first slip off Hazlewood’s bowling.
LSG skipper KL Rahul started his innings on a confident note with 2 fours and a six. However Hazlewood scalped his second wicket to dismiss Manish Pandey.
Krunal Pandya struck two fours in the 6thover and LSG were 44-2 at the end of the powerplay.
14 runs were conceded in the 8thover bowled by Harshal Patel but the pacer managed to dismiss the LSG skipper who was caught behind for 30.
Krunal Pandya was looking in good touch and the left-handed batter lofted a six over extra-cover in the 10th over and LSG were 83-3 at the half-way stage.
The hundred was up for LSG in the 12thover before RCB claimed two quick wickets.
While Deepak Hooda was caught by a sharp running catch in the outfield by Prabhudessai Krunal’s innings came to an end after the left-hander holed out to the deep.
LSG required 65 from the final five overs with Marcus Stoinis and Ayush Badoni at the crease.
Hazlewood claimed his third wicket of the innings as Badoni was caught behind in the 17thover.
9 runs came from the 18thover and the equation was down to 34 off the final two overs. Hazlewood castled Stoinis to pick his 4thwicket of the innings as RCB won the game by 18 runs in the end.
Earlier RCB who were put in to bat first remained unchanged from their previous game.
Dushmantha Chameera provided a terrific start with the ball after claiming the wickets of Anuj Rawat and Virat Kohli in the first over.
Glenn Maxwell joined skipper Faf du Plessisin the middle and counter-attacked Chameera by smacking two fours and a six as 19 runs came off the third over.
Krunal Pandya dismissed Maxwell in the 6thover after Jason Holder successfully grabbed a diving catch and RCB were 47-3 at the end of the powerplay.
The next over produced 15 runs after Suyash Prabhudessai lofted a six against Bishnoi. However the right-handed batter was caught off Holder’s bowling as RCB lost their 4thwicket.
RCB were 87-4 at the half-way stage before Shahbaz Ahmed and du Plessis stitched a fifty partnership.
RCB skipper reached his half-century after clearing Bishnoi for a six in the 14thover. 13 runs came from the 15thover after du Plessis smacked a four and a six each.
The 70-run partnership came to an end after Shahbaz Ahmed was run-out for 26. Skipper du Plessis moved into the 90s and RCB were 164-5 with two overs to go.
Dinesh Karthik hammered a six in the penultimate over against Avesh Khan. Jason Holder dismissed the RCB skipper for 96 in the last over but RCB posted 181/6 in the first innings.
Brief ScoresRoyal Challengers Bangalore181/6 Faf du Plessis 96 Shahbaz Ahmed 26 Jason Holder 2-25beat Lucknow Super Giants163/8 Krunal Pandya 42 KL Rahul 30 Josh Hazlewood 4-25by 18 runs.

Date 18 Apr 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 30 RR Vs KKR – Match Report


The Rajasthan Royals RR were back to winning ways in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 after defeating the Kolkata Knight Riders KKR by 7 runs on Monday at the Brabourne Stadium in Mumbai.
Jos Buttler’s second century of the season followed by Yuzvendra Chahal’s five-wicket haul including a game-changing hat-trick ensured a 7-run victory for Rajasthan Royals.
Chasing a mammoth target of 218 KKR lost Sunil Narine’s wicket on the very first delivery after Shimron Hetmyer’s direct hit provided an early breakthrough for RR.
Skipper Shreyas Iyer confidently started his knock with consecutive fours. Opener Aaron Finch at the other end hit two fours against Boult in the third over.
The duo brought up a fifty partnership for the second wicket and KKR were 57-1 at the end of powerplay.
19 runs came off the 7thover after Finch crunched three fours and a six against Chahal.
Finch took on Obed McCoy by hitting a four and a six as the next over produced 19 runs.
Prasidh Krishna scalped Finch’s crucial wicket in the 9thover and the opener was dismissed on 58.
KKR were 116-2 at the halfway mark. Nitish Rana who was the next batter in smacked a four and six each before the left-handed batter was caught by Buttler off Chahal’s bowling.
Shreyas Iyer reached his half-century and was going strong at one end. Ravi Ashwin castled Andre Russell who was out on the first ball he faced which turned the game around.
15 runs came from the 15thover as a six and a four from Shreyas Iyer brought the equation down to 51 off the final five overs.
Yuzvendra Chahal brought RR back in the contest with a sensational hat-trick as four wickets fell in the 17thover including the big wicket of skipper Iyer.
However Umesh Yadav kept KKR’s spirit alive by dispatching two sixes and a four as 20 came off the 18thover.
Prasidh Krishna conceded only 7 runs in the penultimate over and KKR required 11 off 6.
Obed McCoy held his nerves and scalped the final two wickets as RR won the game by 7 runs.
Earlier RR who were asked to bat first made three changes – Karun Nair Obed McCoy and Trent Boult were named in the eleven.
After a quiet first two overs Buttler thumped two sixes and as many fours as RR were 40/0 after four overs. The fifty partnership was up for the opening pair with Jos Buttler doing the majority of the hitting and RR were 55/0 at the end of powerplay.
Umesh Yadav who was back to bowl the 9thover of the innings conceded 13 runs in the 9thover after Butter notched his half-century in 29 deliveries.
Padikkal launched Narine for a six before the spinner deceived the left-hander and crashed the ball into the stumps.
RR skipper Sanju Samson got going with two consecutive fours and RR were 120-1 after 12 overs. Buttler creamed 2 fours against Cummins and RR were 148-1 after 14 overs.
Samson smacked a six and a four before Andre Russell provided a crucial breakthrough as the RR skipper was caught at deep mid-wicket.
Buttler reached his second hundred of the season with a magnificent six. However the RR opener was dismissed in the same over after Buttler was caught at fine-leg.
KKR bounced back with two more wickets with dismissals of Riyan Parag and Karun Nair but Hetmyer struck consecutive sixes in the final over and concluded the innings with a four as RR posted 217/5 in the first innings.
Brief ScoresRajasthan Royals217/5 Jos Buttler 103 Sanju Samson 38 Sunil Narine 2-21beat Kolkata Knight Riders210 all out Shreyas Iyer 85 Aaron Finch 58 Yuzvendra Chahal 5-40by 7 runs.

Date 17 Apr 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 29 GT Vs CSK – Match Report


The Gujarat Titans GT held their nerves to win a last-ball thriller in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 after defeating the Chennai Super Kings CSK by 3 wickets on Sunday at the Maharashtra Cricket Association Stadium in Pune.
A monumental knock from David Miller 94* supported brilliantly by Rashid Khan’s quickfire 40 got Gujarat Titans across the line in a thrilling last-over finish.
Chasing 170 to win Gujarat Titans lost three wickets inside the powerplay and CSK bowlers were on the top of their game.
Shubman Gill was dismissed on the first ball he faced after the right-handed batter was caught at point off Mukesh Choudhary’s bowling.
Maheesh Theekshana scalped the wickets of Vijay Shankar and Abhinav Manohar as GT were 37-3 at the end of powerplay.
Wriddhiman Saha was the next batter to be dismissed after he was caught at deep square leg.
GT were 58-4 at the end of 10 overs with Rahul Tewatia and David Miller at the crease.
Miller took on the CSK skipper and hammered two sixes and one four as 19 runs were scored in the 12thover.
Dwayne Bravo broke the partnership after Tewatia was caught at mid-off by Jadeja. However Miller continued the destruction with the bat and hit two sixes to get GT closer.
With 48 runs required off the final three overs skipper Rashid Khan jumped on the bandwagon and dispatched three sixes and a four against Chris Jordan as 25 runs came from the 18thover.
Dwayne Bravo scalped two wickets on consecutive deliveries in the penultimate over as GT required 13 off the final over.
David Miller held his nerves and remained unbeaten on 94 to get GT over the line in the final over with a four and a six.
Earlier CSK who were put in to bat first lost Robin Uthappa’s wicket early in the innings after the right-handed batter was trapped LBW by Mohammad Shami.
Ruturaj Gaikwad on the other end got going quickly and hammered 3 fours and 2 sixes.
However CSK lost their second wicket inside the powerplay after Moeen Ali dragged one on to the stumps against Alzarri Joseph.
Ambati Rayudu joined Ruturaj Gaikwad out in the middle and CSK were 66-2 at the halfway mark.
15 runs came off the 11thover after Gaikwad and Rayudu hit a six each against Alzarri Joseph.
Next over proved to be even better for CSK as fifty was up for Gaikwad who smashed a free hit for six while Rayudu creamed two fours off Yash Dayal’s bowling.
The boundaries kept flowingfor CSK as the fifty partnership was up for the pair. Alzarri Joseph scalped a crucial wicket of Ambati Rayudu to bring an end to the dangerous partnership.
Only 10 runs came off the next two overs and CSK lost Gaikwad’s wicket after the right-handed batter was caught in the deep for 73.
GT pulled things back with tight overs but CSK skipper Jadeja finished the innings in style with two sixes as CSK posted 169-5 in the first innings.
Brief Scores Gujarat Titans 170-7 David Miller 94* Rashid Khan 40 Dwayne Bravo 3-23 beat Chennai Super Kings 169-5 Ruturaj Gaikwad 73 Ambati Rayudu 46 Alzarri Joseph 2-34 by 3 wickets.

Date 17 Apr 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 28 PBKS Vs SRH – Match Report


The Sunrisers Hyderabad SRH registered their fourth consecutive victory in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 after defeating the Punjab Kings PBKS by 7 wickets on Sunday at the DY Patil Stadium in Navi Mumbai.
Umran Malik’s remarkable bowling figures of 4-28 restricted PBKS to 151 in the first innings before SRH chased down the target with 7 balls to spare.
Chasing 152 SRH openers – Kane Williamson and Abhishek Sharma got off to a cautious start.
SRH skipper Williamson was caught inside the circle for 3 in the third over off Rabada’s bowling. Tripathi got going quickly and creamed three fours. Abhishek Sharma concluded the powerplay with a four as SRH were 39-1 after 6 overs.
Rahul Chahar conceded 12 runs in his first over as Tripathi added a four and a six each. Chahar bounced back by scalping the wicket of dangerous Tripathi.
At the halfway stage SRH were 74-2 after Abhishek Sharma smacked a six over long-on.
However the left-handed batter was dismissed in the next over as he holed out to long-on against Rahul Chahar who claimed his second wicket.
Nicholas Pooran along with Aiden Markram formed a steady partnership as SRH required 31 runs in 24 balls.
Pooran and Markram crossed the fifty partnership as SRH needed 13 off 12 deliveries. Markram wrapped the chase with a four and six as SRH won the game with 7 deliveries to spare.
Earlier PBKS were asked to bat first as Shikhar Dhawan led the side in absence of injured Mayank Agarwal.
PBKS lost Dhawan’s wicket early after the PBKS skipper was caught at mid-on off Bhuvneshwar Kumar’s bowling. Jitesh Sharma hit two fours but was caught behind later in the 5thover.
Liam Livingstone counter-attacked with two fours and a six against Jansen and SRH were 48-2 at the end of the powerplay.
Jagadeesha Suchith trapped Jonny Bairstow LBW to hand SRH their third wicket. Jitesh Sharma struck two fours in the next over against Umran Malik but the bowler bounced back and took a catch off his own bowling.
Livingstone concluded the 10thover with a mammoth six and PBKS were 70-4 at the half-way stage.
Shahrukh Khan teamed up with Livingstone and formed a quick 50 partnership as the two batters smashed towering sixes against the SRH bowlers.
Livingstone notched his half-century in the 15thover in style with a four. Bhuvneshwar Kumar scalped his second wicket of the innings and broke the dangerous partnership to bring an end to Shahrukh’s innings.
The dangerous Livingstone was dismissed for 60 in the penultimate over before Umran Malik with his rapid pace claimed 3 wickets and did not concede a single run. Arshdeep Singh was run-out on the final delivery of the innings and PBKS were all out for 151.
Brief ScoresSunrisers Hyderabad152-3 Aiden Markram 41* Nicholas Pooran 35* Rahul Chahar 2-28beat Punjab Kings151 all out Liam Livingstone 60 Shahrukh Khan 26 Umran Malik 4-28by 7 wickets.

Date 16 Apr 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 27 DC Vs RCB – Match Report


The Royal Challengers Bangalore RCB returned to winning ways in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 after defeating the Delhi Capitals DC by 16 runs on Saturday at the Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai.
Dinesh Karthik once again came to the rescue for RCB with an unbeaten 66* before Josh Hazlewood’s impressive 3-28 ensured a 16-run victory.
Chasing 190 DC openers – David Warner and Prithvi Shaw got off to a flying start. Warner got off the mark with a six over mid-wicket against Glenn Maxwell.
Shaw deposited his first six of the innings in the second over against Siraj. The fifty partnership was up for the opening wicket before Shaw was dismissed by Siraj after the right-handed batter holed out to deep square.
At the end of 6 overs DC were 57-1 with Warner and Mitchell Marsh at the crease.
Warner brought up his half-century and DC were 79-1 at the 10-over mark. The left-handed batter smoked a six followed by a slice for four against Harshal Patel in the 11thover.
Hasaranga brought an end to Warner’s batting domination after the left-handed batter was trapped LBW in the 12thover.
DC required 90 off 42 deliveries as skipper Rishabh Pant arrived at the crease. Pant creamed two fours in the 13thover but Mitchell Marsh got run-out at the non-strikers end.
Hazlewood scalped two wickets in the 15thover. While Powell was caught behind on the first ball Lalit Yadav was caught in the deep as DC lost their 5thwicket.
With 56 required off 24 deliveries DC scored 19 off the 16thover after Pant and Shardul hammered a six each.
Pant smoked another six before a sensational one-hand catch from Virat Kohli at covers brought an end to the DC skipper’s innings.
Shadul Thakur hit two sixes but was dismissed in the penultimate over as DC required 27 off the final over.
Earlier RCB who were put in to bat first lost early wickets of openers – Anuj Rawat and Faf du Plessis.
While Anuj Rawat was trapped LBW on his first delivery by Shardul Thakur RCB skipper du Plessis was caught in the deep off Khaleel Ahmed.
Virat Kohli and Glenn Maxwell added 5 fours and RCB were 40-2 at the end of the powerplay.
Right after the powerplay RCB lost Virat Kohlis wicket as the right-handed batter was run-out by Lalit Yadav’s direct hit.
Glenn Maxwell took on Kuldeep Yadav and smacked two fours and a six in the 9thover which produced 23 runs.
Suyash Prabhudesai was the next batter to be dismissed after he was caught at backward point off Akshar Patel’s bowling.
Glenn Maxwell reached his half-century in style with a four against Thakur. However the all-rounder was caught by Lalit Yadav at long-on in the next over bowled by Kuldeep.
After a quiet couple of overs Dinesh Karthik dispatched a maximum over deep square leg as RCB were 115-5 with five overs to go.
Dinesh Karthik accelerated further with his colossal striking and scored 28 runs from the 18thover bowled by Mustafizur Rahman which included 4 fours and 2 sixes.
Karthik notched his half-century in the same over and RCB finished the innings with 189-5 after the final over produced 17 runs.
Brief ScoresRoyal Challengers Bangalore189-5 Dinesh Karthik 66* Glenn Maxwell  Shardul Thakur 1-27beat Delhi Capitals173-7 David Warner 66 Rishabh Pant 34 Josh Hazlewood 3-28by 16 runs.

Date 16 Apr 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 26 MI Vs LSG – Match Report


The LucknowSuper GiantsLSG were back to winning ways in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 after defeating the Mumbai Indians MI by 18 runs on Saturday at the Brabourne Stadium in Mumbai.
KL Rahul rose to the occasion in his 100thIPL match with an unbeaten century to help LSG post a commanding total of 199/4 before LSG won the game by 18 runs in the end.
Earlier LSG who were put in to bat first made one change – Manish Pandey replaced K Gowtham in the eleven.
Chasing a challenging total of 200 MI lost an early wicket of skipper Rohit Sharma who was caught behind in the third over against Avesh Khan. Dewald Brevis smacked his first ball for four and carried the momentum with his attacking shots.
20 runs were conceded in the 5thover after Brevis hit two fours and a six against Chameera. The right-handed batter added two fours in the 6thover but was caught inside the circle as Avesh Khan scalped his second wicket of the innings.
Stoinis joined the wicket-takers tally after rattling the stumps of Ishan Kishan as MI lost their third wicket.
At the end of 10 overs MI were 86-3 with Suryakumar Yadav and Tilak Varma at the crease.
The fifty partnership was up for the fourth wicket between Suryakumar Yadav and Tilak Varma in the 13thover. Jason Holder dismissed Tilak Varma with a brilliantly executed yorker to bring the partnership to an end.
With 75 required off the final five overs Ravi Bishnoi dismissed the dangerous Suryakumar Yadav after the right-handed batter was caught in the deep.
With 68 required off the final four overs Kieron Pollard hammered two consecutive sixes against Chameera as 16 runs came from the 17thover.
Fabian Allen was dismissed in the 18thover and MI required 43 off 12 deliveries. Jaydev Unadkat smacked two fours and a six in the penultimate over to bring the equation down to 26 required off the final over.
Chameera conceded only six runs and got an important wicket of Pollard as LSG won the game by 18 runs in the end.
LSG openers were off to a great start after skipper KL Rahul who was playing his 100thIPL game was dealing in boundaries against MI’s opening attack.
Quinton de Kock supported the skipper with aggressive shots at the top but the left-hander was trapped LBW by Fabian Allen in the final over of the powerplay and LSG were 57-1 after the first 6 overs.
Manish Pandey creamed three fours to get going as LSG continued to add pressure on the MI bowlers with quick flow of runs.
LSG were 94-1 at the end of ten overs. Rahul reached his half-century in the 12thover.
18 runs were conceded in the 13thover after both Rahul and Pandey struck 2 fours each. Murugan Ashwin provided the breakthrough for the Mumbai Indians after Pandey was bowled in the 14thover.
Marcus Stoinis dispatched his first delivery of the innings for a huge six. Rahul at the other end clobbered 2 sixes and a four as 150 was up for LSG in the 15thover.
Stoinis was dismissed in the 17thover as Unadkat scalped his first wicket of the innings. 22 runs came off the penultimate over as LSG skipper became the second centurion of the season.
Deepak Hooda was caught behind in the final over but LSG posted a massive total of 199/4 in the first innings.
Brief ScoresLucknow Super Giants199-4 KL Rahul 103* Manish Pandey 38 Jaydev Unadkat 2-32beat Mumbai Indians181-9 Suryakumar Yadav 37 Dewald Brevis 31 Avesh Khan 3-30by 18 runs.

Date 15 Apr 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 25 SRH Vs KKR – Match Report


The Sunrisers Hyderabad SRH registered their third consecutive victory in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 after defeating the Kolkata Knight Riders KKR by 7 wickets on Friday at the Brabourne Stadium in Mumbai.
Exceptional knocks from Rahul Tripathi 71 and Aiden Markram 68* aided a clinical chase for SRH who registered their third win on the trot.
Chasing 176 SRH lost Abhishek Sharma’s wicket in the second over after the left-handed batter chopped on to the stumps against Cummins.
Kane Williamson creamed three boundaries before the SRH skipper was bowled by Andre Russell. At the end of powerplay KKR were 46-2.
New batter Rahul Tripathi started aggressively and whacked four fours and two sixes. The right-handed batter added two more sixes to the total backed with his pure timing.
Markram joined the party and slammed a four followed by a six against Chakaravarthy. Tripathi brought up his half century off just 21 deliveries as SRH were 95-2 after 10 overs.
The fifty partnership was up for the third wicket as the runs kept flowing from the bat for SRH. Markram creamed three fours in a row and SRH required 49 off the last 6 overs.
Tripathi’s knock finally came to an end after the right-handed batter was caught at long-on.
13 runs came off the 16thover as Markram continued the batting exploits and notched up his half-century.The right-handed batter hammered one four and 2 sixes and finished the chase in style.
Earlier KKR who were put in to bat first made three changes – Aaron Finch Aman Khan and Sheldon Jackson were named in the eleven.
SRH claimed an early wicket after Finch was caught behind off Marco Jansen’s bowling.
Natarajan struck twice in an over to dismiss Venkatesh Iyer and Sunil Narine. While Venkatesh Iyer was bowled Narine was caught inside the circle.
At the end of powerplay KKR were 38-3 with skipper Shreyas Iyer and Nitish Rana at the crease.
Rana and Iyer eased KKR out of pressure and built a steady partnership for the fourth wicketafter they hit a four each in the 9thover. However the KKR skipper was castled by a Umran Malik yorker as KKR were 70-4 at the halfway stage.
Rana hit two sixes and a four to keep the scoring rate up. New batter Sheldon Jackson hit his first six of the innings in the 13thover but was caught on the very next delivery.
Andre Russell announced his arrival with a maximum while Rana reached his half-century in the 15thover.
Umran Malik bowled a brilliant 16thover against Russell which produced only 2 runs. 16 runs were conceded in the 17thover after Russell dispatched two fours and a six.
SRH scalped two wickets in the next two overs to dismiss Rana and Cummins. Andre Russell finished with the bat in grand fashion with two sixes and a four as KKR posted 175/8 in the first innings.
Brief ScoresSunrisers Hyderabad176-3 Rahul Tripathi 71 Aiden Markram 68* Andre Russell 2-20beat Kolkata Knight Riders175-8 Nitish Rana 54 Andre Russell 49* T Natarajan 3-37by 7 wickets.

Date 14 Apr 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 24 RR Vs GT – Match Report


The Gujarat Titans GT climbed to the top of the table in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 after defeating the Rajasthan Royals RR by 37 runs on Thursday at the DY Patil Stadium in Navi Mumbai.
Hardik Pandya excelled in all three departments as the Gujarat Titans skipper steered the team to the top of the table with a 37-run victory.
With 193 runs to chase Jos Buttler announced his arrival in style and was dealing in boundaries after the right-handed batter scored 5 fours and a six in the first two overs.
Devdutt Padikkal was caught at first slip on the first delivery he faced as Yash Dayal scalped his maiden IPL wicket. However Buttler continued the flow of boundaries after smacking three fours and a six against Dayal in the third over.
Ravi Ashwin who was promoted up the order hit a six straight down the ground before the right-handed batter was caught by Miller who took a sharp catch inside the circle.
Buttler reached his half-century off just 23 deliveries with a six but a slower yorker from Lockie Ferguson castled the right-handed batter’s stumps.
RR skipper Sanju Samson hit his first six of the innings in the 7thover before a bullet throw from Hardik Pandya brought an end to Samson’s stay at the crease.
Rassie van der Dussen was the next batter to be dismissed after the right-handed batter was caught behind for 6 off Dayal’s bowling.
The equation was down to 91 off the last 8 overs for RR with Shimron Hetmyer and Riyan Parag at the crease.
Hetmyer struck a four and a six against Shami but the pacer found success in the same over after Hetmyer mistimed a delivery and was caught in the deep.
Riyan Parag flicked the first delivery of the 16thover for six but was caught later in the deep off Ferguson’s bowling and RR required 55 from 24 deliveries.
The GT skipper bowled the 18thover and took a catch off his own bowling to dismiss Neesham.
RR required 40 runs of the final over. Dayal scalped his third wicket of the innings as RR fell 38 runs short of the target.
Earlier Gujarat Titans who were put in to bat first made two changes – Vijay Shankar and Yash Dayal were named in the eleven.
James Neesham who replaced the injured Boult conceded three fours in the first over against Mathew Wade.
Rassie van der Dussen produced a run-out to bring an end to Wade’s innings with a direct hit. Kuldeep Sen found an outside edge of Vijay Shankar to dismiss Vijay Shankar for 2 in the 3rdover.
Skipper Hardik Pandya counter-attacked and hit three consecutive fours against Kuldeep.
GT were 42/2 at the end of powerplay. Riyan Parag conceded a six and a four in the next over but managed to dismiss Shubman Gill after the right-handed batter holed out to long-on.
Skipper Hardik Pandya along with Abhinav Manohar kept the runs ticking and GT were 87/3 at the end of 12 overs.
Abhinav Manohar smacked a four and a six against Chahal in the 13thover. Hardik carried the momentum to the next over with three fours and notched his half-century.
The 15thover produced 16 runs after Pandya tonked back-to-back sixes against Ashwin. Chahal brought an end to the partnership after Abhinav was caught by Ashwin for 43.
David Miller provided the finishing touch to the innings by hammering 5 fours and one six as 21 runs were scored in the penultimate over.
Hardik remained unbeaten on 87 after the GT skipper creamed a four and six each as GT posted 192-4 in the first innings.
Brief ScoresGujarat Titans192-4 Hardik Pandya 87* Abhinav Manohar 43 Yuzvendra Chahal 1-32beat Rajasthan Royals155-9 Jos Buttler 54 Shimron Hetmyer 29 Lockie Ferguson 3-23by 37 runs.

Date 13 Apr 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 23 MI Vs PBKS – Match Report


The Punjab Kings PBKS were back to winning ways in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 after defeating the Mumbai Indians MI by 12 runs on Wednesday at the Maharashtra Cricket Association Stadium in Pune.
PBKS held their nerves and successfully defended the target of 199 after remarkable fifties at the top from Mayank Agarwal and Shikhar Dhawan powered PBKS to 198-5 in the first innings.
Chasing 199 Mumbai Indians started on a positive note with the bat after scoring 21 in the first two overs.
However PBKS did not take too long to claim their opening wicket after skipper Rohit Sharma was caught by Vaibhav Arora at backward square leg. In the next over Ishan Kishan was caught behind off Arora’s bowling.
MI were 42-2 at the end of powerplay. Dewald Brevis was quickly on the move after the right-handed batter hit two fours and a six.
Tilak Varma creamed two consecutive fours before Brevis dispatched four sixes in a row against Rahul Chahar as the 9thover produced 29 runs.
Tilak Varma was also dealing in sixes at the other end as MI sailed past 100 in the 10thover.
Brevis got a reprieve on 49 but the right-handed batter was caught on the next ball as PBKS scalped their third wicket of the innings.
MI required 68 off 42 deliveries after Tilak Varma was run out in the 13thover. Suryakumar crunched a maximum against Rabada to bring MI closer.
With 49 required off the final four overs MI lost Pollard’s wicket after the right-handed batter was run-out for 10. However Suryakumar lofted two sixes to get the equation down to 33 off the final three overs.
Arshdeep Singh conceded only 5 runs in the 18thover as MI required 28 runs off 12 deliveries. Rabada got the all-important wicket of Suryakumar Yadav after the right-handed batter was caught in the deep.
Odean Smith scalped three wickets in the final over and PBKS won the game by 12 runs in the end.
Earlier PBKS who were asked to bat first remained unchanged from the previous game.
Skipper Mayank Agarwal got off the mark with two cracking shots for four. Dhawan went one step further by hitting an aerial shot for a maximum to get off the mark.
PBKS were 36/0 after 4 overs.17 runs came off the 5thover after Agarwal smashed two fours and a six against Murugan Ashwin. At the end of powerplay PBKS were cruising at 65/0.
PBKS continued striking at 10 runs an over as skipper Agarwal reached his half century with a maximum.
Agarwal’s fine knock came to an end after the PBKS skipper was caught by Suryakumar Yadav in the deep off Ashwin’s bowling.
PBKS were 99-1 at the halfway stage and opener Dhawan was joined by Jonny Bairstow who lofted Tymal Mills’ delivery in the 13thover to score his first four of the innings.
After Dhawans half-century MI fought back with two wickets in two overs. Bumrah rattled Liam Livingstones stumps while Bairstow was bowled by Jaydev Unadkat.
With 5 overs to go PBKS were 132-3 with Dhawan still at the crease. The left-handed batter clubbed a six on one knee against Thampi before he was caught in the deep in the 17thover.
New batter Jitesh Sharma smacked two fours and as many sixes against Unadkat in the 18thover while Shahrukh Khan hammered two sixes in the final over before he was bowled by Basil Thampi as PBKS concluded the innings with a total of 198-5.
Brief ScoresPunjab Kings198-5 Shikhar Dhawan 70 Mayank Agarwal 52 Basil Thampi 2-47beat Mumbai Indians186-9 Dewald Brevis 49 Suryakumar Yadav 43 Odean Smith 4-30by 12 runs.

Date 12 Apr 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 22 CSK Vs RCB – Match Report


The Chennai Super Kings CSK registered their first victory in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 after defeating the Royal Challengers Bangalore RCB by 23 runs on Tuesday at the DY Patil Stadium in Navi Mumbai.
CSK reached a massive total of 216/4 thanks to Shivam Dubes 95* and Robin Uthappas 88 before Maheesh Theekshanas fantastic four-wicket haul helped CSK secure their first win of the season.
Chasing a gigantic target of 217 RCB lost an early wicket of skipper Faf du Plessis who was caught in the deep as Maheesh Theekshana scalped maiden IPL wicket.
CSK bowlers scalped two more wickets inside the powerplay. While Virat Kohli was caught in the deep off Mukesh Chaudhary’s bowling Theekshana trapped Anuj Rawat LBW.
Glenn Maxwell scored a quick-fire 26 off 11 deliveries before Jadeja crashed a delivery into the stumps to end the right-handed batter’s innings.
Suyash Prabhudessai and Shahbaz Ahmed led RCB’s recovery and stitched a fine fifty partnership. Prabhudessai did the majority of the hitting and RCB were 110-4 with 8 overs to go.
Theekshana claimed his third wicket of the innings and brought an end to the partnership after Prabhudessai was bowled in the 13thover.
RCB required 86 from the final six overs. While Dinesh Karthik got a reprieve Shahbaz Ahmed was bowled by Theekshana who scalped his fourth wicket.
CSK skipper Jadeja got two wickets in the 16thover. While Hasaranga was caught in the deep Akash Deep was caught by Rayudu who took a terrific diving catch inside the circle.
Dinesh Karthik hammered 23 runs off the 17thover including two sixes and a four as RCB required 48 runs of the final three overs.
Jadeja took a sharp catch in the deep to bring an end to an outstanding cameo from Dinesh Karthik and CSK successfully defended the total in the end.
Earlier CSK who were put in to bat first remained unchanged from the previous game.
Ruturaj Gaikwad hit three fours at the top but RCB bowlers started well with the new ball. Josh Hazlewood dismissed Gaikwad after the opener was trapped LBW.
Robin Uthappa smacked the first six of the innings and CSK were 35-1 at the end of powerplay.
CSK lost their second wicket courtesy of debutant Suyash Prabhudessai’s sharp fielding effort at backward point to run out Moeen Ali for 3.
Shivam Dube the next batter in started aggressively by smacking a four and six each. CSK were striking exactly at 6 runs an over with 10 overs gone.
13 runs were conceded in the next over bowled by Hasaranga after Dube added a four and a six to the total.
Uthappa on the other hand clubbed three sixes in an over against Maxwell’s bowling as CSK switched gears. The right-handed batter then smacked a four followed by six to bring up his half-century.
Dube crossed his half-century with a four against Akash Deep while the hundred partnership was up for the third wicket as CSK were 145-2 with four overs to go.
Uthappa clobbered two sixes and a four against Siraj who bowled the 17thover. CSK continued the fireworks after 24 runs came off the 18thover bowled by Akash Deep.
Hasaranga scalped two wickets on consecutive deliveries in the penultimate over to dismiss Uthappa and CSK skipper Ravindra Jadeja.
Dube finished the innings with two giant sixes in the last over and remained unbeaten on 95 as CSK posted a commanding total of 216-4 in the first innings.
Brief ScoresChennai Super Kings216/4 Shivam Dube 95* Robin Uthappa 88 Wanindu Hasaranga 2-35beatRoyal Challengers Bangalore193-9 Shahbaz Ahmed 41 Dinesh Karthik 34 Maheesh Theekshana 4-33by 23 runs.

Date 11 Apr 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 21 SRH Vs GT – Match Report


The Sunrisers Hyderabad SRH won their second game on the bounce in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 after defeating the Gujarat Titans GT by 8 wickets on Monday at the DY Patil Stadium in Navi Mumbai.
Kane Williamson led from the front with a well-crafted 57 which was well supported by Abhishek Sharma’s 42 at the top as SRH chased down the target of 163 with 5 balls to spare.
The SRH openers – Kane Williamson and Abhishek Sharma got off to a cautious start in pursuit of chasing 163.
After scoring 11 runs in the first four overs Williamson smacked a four and a six while Abhishek Sharma creamed four fours as SRH were 42-0 at the end of powerplay.
The fifty partnership was up for the opening wicket in the next over before Sharma was caught at deep mid-wicket by Sudharsan for 42 off Rashid Khan.
SRH were 75-1 after Rahul Tripathi hit his first four of the innings. While the boundaries weren’t coming Williamson and Tripathi kept the runs ticking.
Williamson changed the momentum by hitting consecutive sixes against Pandya in the 13thover as SRH required 65 off the final seven overs.
Tripathi hit the first ball of the 14thover for six but was retired hurt after being in discomfort. 13 runs came off the 16thover after the SRH skipper hit a maximum to get to his fifty.
However Hardik Pandya dismissed the opposition skipper after Williamson was caught at long-on by Tewatia in the 17thover.
With 28 required off the final three overs Pooran smacked a six and a four under pressure to bring the equation down to only 13 required from 12 deliveries.
Pooran and Markram scored a four each before Pooran sealed the chase with a six as SRH reached the target with five balls to spare.
Earlier Gujarat Titans were asked to bat first with both teams remaining unchanged.
GT openers – Shubman Gill and Mathew Wade raced to 24/0 in the first two overs before Rahul Tripathi took a spectacular diving catch inside the circle to dismiss Gill in the 3rdover.
Wade on the other end got to a good start with 3 fours but SRH scalped their second wicket after Sai Sudharsan was caught at mid-off by Williamson off Natarajan.
GT skipper Hardik Pandya got off the mark with a four as GT were 51-2 after 6 overs. Pandya smashed two fours against Umran Malik in the 8thover but the pacer found success after Malik trapped Wade LBW.
GT were 80-3 at the halfway mark after Pandya clubbed his first six of the innings. Jansen broke the steady partnership between Miller and Pandya after Miller was caught at mid-wicket by Abhishek Sharma.
New batter Abhinav Manohar hit consecutive fours against Malik as GT were 118-4 with five overs to go.
Manohar was striking the ball cleanly after the right-handed batter added three fours and a six as 13 runs off the 18thover. Manohar was dropped twice but the batter was finally dismissed after Tripathi held on to a catch in the deep.
Natarajan conceded only 7 runs in the final over as SRH scalped two wickets and GT ended the first innings with a total of 162-7.
Brief ScoresSunrisers Hyderabad168-2 Kane Williamson 57 Nicholas Pooran 34* Hardik Pandya 1-27beatGujarat Titans162-7 Hardik Pandya 50* Abhinav Manohar 35 T Natarajan 2-34by 8 wickets.

Date 10 Apr 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 20 RR Vs LSG – Match Report


The Rajasthan Royals RR climbed to the top of the table in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 after defeating the Lucknow Super Giants LSG by 3 runs on Sunday at the Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai.
Shimron Hetmyer’s impeccable 59*36 guided Rajasthan Royals to a competitive total of 165-6 before Yuzvendra Chahal shined with a four-wicket haul as RR successfully defended the target in the last over.
Chasing a tricky target of 166 Lucknow Super Giants lost the wickets of skipper KL Rahul and Krishnappa Gowtham as Rajasthan Royals had a magnificent start with the ball.
Trent Boult uprooted KL Rahul’s stumps on the first ball of the innings and trapped Gowtham LBW in the same over.
Prasidh Krishna claimed the third wicket for RR after Jason Holder was caught at mid-on and LSG were 31-3 at the end of powerplay.
LSG opener Quinton de Kock hit the first six of the innings in the 7thover and was joined by Deepak Hooda at the crease.
Hooda hit three fours to ease off the pressure but the right-handed batter was cleaned up in the 10thover by Kuldeep Sen who claimed his maiden wicket in the IPL.
Ayush Badoni was the next batter to be dismissed as Chahal scalped his first wicket of the innings after Badoni was caught in the deep by Parag.
The leg-spinner struck twice in his third over by dismissing de Kock and Krunal Pandya as LSG were 7 down.
Chahal claimed his 150thIPL wicket after Chameera was trapped LBW in the 18thover.
LSG required 34 runs from the final two overs as Marcus Stoinis single-handedly changed the course of the match by smashing 19 runs in the penultimate over which included one four and 2 sixes against Prasidh Krishna.
Debutant Kuldeep Sen was given the responsibility to defend 15 runs off the final over and the pacer successfully managed to do so as LSG fell 4 runs short of the target.
Earlier Rajasthan Royals who were put in to bat first made two changes – Kuldeep Sen andRassie van der Dussen were named in the eleven.
RR openers – Jos Buttler and Devdutt Padikkal got off to a solid start as RR were 27-0 after 3 overs. Buttler smoked the first six off the innings in the 2ndover.
Padikkal who was dealing in fours at the other end got a reprieve after Bishnoi dropped the opener’s catch off his own bowling. Avesh Khan got Buttler’s wicket on his first delivery after the right-handed opener was bowled.
RR were 44-1 at the end of powerplay as skipper Sanju Samson who joined Padikkal creamed two fours to get going.
Jason Holder dismissed the RR skipper who was trapped LBW in the 9thover. LSG pulled things back brilliantly with the ball after Gowtham scalped two wickets in the next over.
While set batter Padikkal was caught by Holder at slips Rassie van der Dussen’s stumps were cleaned up by the spinner.
The pair of Ravi Ashwin and Shimron Hetmyer built a steady partnership for the fifth wicket. Hetmyer was dropped in the 14thover before Ashwin switched gears and hit consecutive sixes in Gowtham’s over which produced 16 runs.
RR were 108-4 with four overs remaining in the innings as the fifty partnership was up for the fifth wicket. Hetmyer hammered two sixes and a four against Holder in the 18thover which took RR to a strong position with two overs to go.
The penultimate over produced 16 runs as Hetmyer reach his fifty by hitting consecutive sixes after Ashwin declared himself retired out earlier in the over.
While Holder scalped Riyan Parag’s wicket Hetmyer whacked two more sixes as Rajasthan Royals posted 165/6 in the first innings.
Brief ScoresRajasthan Royals165-6 Shimron Hetmyer 59* Devdutt Padikkal 29 Krishnappa Gowtham 2-30beat Lucknow Super Giants162-8 Quinton de Kock 39 MarcusStoinis 38* Yuzvendra Chahal 4-41by 3 runs.

Date 10 Apr 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 19 KKR Vs DC – Match Report


The Delhi Capitals DC bounced back in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 with a victory over Kolkata Knight Riders KKR by 44 runs on Sunday at the Brabourne Stadium in Mumbai.
The Delhi Capitals posted a mammoth total of 215-5 thanks to attacking fifties at the top from Prithvi Shaw and David Warner before Kuldeep Yadavs superb 4-wicket haul secured a resounding victory for DC.
Chasing a huge target of 216 KKR openers got to a shaky start after Rahane survived twice in the first over. Venkatesh Iyer thumped two sixes against Shardul Thakur in the second over.
However the KKR openers were back in the hut inside the powerplay. Khaleel Ahmed scalped two wickets after Venkatesh was caught by Axar Patel while Rahane was out to a fine running catch by Shardul Thakur.
KKR were 43-2 at the end of 6 overs as skipper Shreyas Iyer and Nitish Rana had a tough task ahead of themselves. Rana and Iyer formed a quick fifty-run partnership after collectively smacking three sixes.
At the halfway stage KKR were 91-2 and required 125 from 60 deliveries. Lalit Yadav put an end to the partnership after Rana was caught by Shaw at long-on.
Skipper Iyer reached his half century with consecutive sixes but was stumped in the same over as Kuldeep Yadav claimed his first wicket.
Sam Billings who was the new batter in began his innings with a four and a six as KKR needed 85 off 36 deliveries.
Khaleel Ahmed claimed his third wicket of the innings after Billings was dismissed in the 15thover. Three wickets fell in the 16thover bowled by Kuldeep Yadav who dismissed Cummins Narine and Umesh Yadav which also included a fine running catch off his own bowling.
KKR were 8 down and required 57 off the final two overs.
Thakur wrapped up the innings by scalping the remaining two wickets of Andre Russell and Rasikh Salam in the final over.
Earlier DC who were put in to bat first made one change – Khaleel Ahmed replaced Anrich Nortje in the eleven.
Prithvi Shaw kicked off the innings in style with three fours as DC raced to 34/0 in the first three overs.
The right-handed batter smacked the first six of the innings in the 4thover. David Warner jumped on the bandwagon with three fours and a six as the fifty partnership was up for the opening wicket.
DC were in a commanding position with 68/0 after 6 overs. The DC openers were striking with more than ten an over as Shaw notched his second consecutive half-century of the season off just 27 deliveries.
KKR finally claimed their first wicket after Chakaravarthy’s delivery crashed into the stumps bringing an end to Shaw’s innings of 51 off just 29 deliveries.
The breakthrough however did not affect DC’s scoring rate as skipper Rishabh Pant began his innings with two fours and a six. 24 runs came off the 11thover bowled by Chakaravarthy as runs continued to flow freely from DC batters.
Pant smacked a six straight down the ground against Cummins but the DC skipper was caught by Umesh Yadav in the deep. Warner on the other hand reached his first fifty of the season with a six.
KKR claimed two quick wickets after Narine dismissed Lalit Yadav and Rovman Powell as DC were 162/4 with four overs to go.
Umesh Yadav brought an end to Warner’s knock of 61 after the opener was caught at deep mid-wicket.
Shardul Thakur and Axar Patel provided the perfect finish to the innings as DC hammered 23 runs in the penultimate over. Thakur clobbered two maximums while Axar smashed a four and a six each.
Thakur wrapped the innings with a six on the final delivery as DC posted 215/5 in the first innings.
Brief ScoresDelhi Capitals215-5 David Warner 61 Prithvi Shaw 51 Sunil Narine 2-21beatKolkata Knight Riders171 all out Shreyas Iyer 54 Nitish Rana 30 Kuldeep Yadav 4-35by 44 runs.

Date 09 Apr 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 18 RCB Vs MI – Match Report


The Royal Challengers Bangalore RCB registered their third consecutive victory in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 after defeating the Mumbai Indians MI by 7 wickets on Saturday at the Maharashtra Cricket Association Stadium in Pune.
Anuj Rawats assured 6647 at the top helped RCB chase down the target with 9 deliveries to spare after the RCB bowling attack restricted MI to 151-6.
Chasing 152 RCB openers – Faf du Plessis and Anuj Rawat started cautiously in response to an energetic start from the MI pacers.
Anuj Rawat hit consecutive sixes against Jaydev Unadkat to get things going. RCB scored 30 in the powerplay but didn’t lose any wicket inside the first six overs.
Rawat smacked a six followed by a four against Murugan Ashwin in the 7thover which produced 15 runs.
The fifty partnership was up for the opening wicket. Jaydev Unadkat dismissed du Plessis for 16 after the RCB skipper was caught by Suryakumar Yadav at long-on.
Virat Kohli who was the new batter in creamed his first four of the innings and RCB were 61/1 after 10 overs.
15 runs were conceded in the 12thover bowled by Basil Thampi. Kohli started the over with a four while Rawat concluded it with a stylish flick for six followed by a four.
Kohli got a reprieve after the right-handed batter was dropped in the deep by Dewald Brevis as RCB required 41 off the final five overs.
The Kohli-Rawat partnership continued to prosper for RCB as Rawat smashed two more sixes towards the on side.
MI finally scalped their second wicket as Anuj Rawat was run out thanks to a brilliant direct hit from Ramandeep Singh.
Dinesh Karthik who was the next batter in pulled Bumrah for six as RCB required 8 off the final two overs.
Dewald Brevis trapped Kohli LBW but Glenn Maxwell finished off the chase in style with two fours.
Earlier MI who were put in to bat first made two changes – Jaydev Unadkat and Ramandeep Singh were named in the eleven.
Openers – Rohit Sharma and Ishan Kishan started explosively with the bat and imposed pressure straightaway on the RCB bowling attack.
Skipper Rohit Sharma got off the mark with a four and smashed the first maximum of the innings in the 4thover. Ishan Kishan creamed consecutive fours against Hasaranga and the MI skipper wrapped the powerplay with a four as MI were 49-0 after 6 overs.
Harshal Patel provided RCB their opening wicket after the bowler took a sharp catch off his own bowling in the 7thover.
Wanindu Hasaranga picked RCB’s second wicket after Dewald Brevis was trapped LBW for 8.
In the very next over Akash Deep dismissed Kishan who was caught in the deep thanks to a fine catch by Siraj. The wicket was followed by Tilak Varma’s run out thanks to a brilliant direct-hit inside the circle from Glenn Maxwell.
MI were 62-4 at the end of 10 overs before they lost the wicket of Pollard who was out LBW on the first ball against Hasaranga.
Troubles grew further for MI as Harshal Patel picked his second wicket to dismiss Ramandeep Singh who was caught behind for 6.
Suryakumar Yadav took matters into his own hands and counter-attacked by smacking a six and four against Shahbaz Ahmed in the 15thover.
MI crossed the 100-run mark in the 17thover before Suryakumar slog-swept a six over deep mid-wicket against Hasaranga.
Unadkat supported Suryakumar well with the bat with two fours. MI hammered 23 runs in the penultimate over which included three exquisite sixes as the fifty was up for Suryakumar Yadav.
The right-handed batter finished the innings in style with a maximum as MI posted a competitive total of 151-6 in the first innings.
Brief ScoresRoyal Challengers Bangalore152-3 Anuj Rawat 66 Virat Kohli 48 Dewald Brevis 1-8beatMumbai Indians151-6 Suryakumar Yadav 68* Rohit Sharma 26 Harshal Patel 2-23by 7 wickets.

Date 09 Apr 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 17 CSK Vs SRH – Match Report


The Sunrisers Hyderabad SRH registered their first victory in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 after defeating the Chennai Super Kings CSK by 8 wickets on Saturday at the DY Patil Stadium in Navi Mumbai.
A splendid knock of 7550 at the top by Abhishek Sharma well supported by skipper Kane Williamson and Rahul Tripathi helped SRH chase down the target of 155 with more than two overs to spare.
Chasing a target of 155 SRH openers – Kane Williamson and Abhishek Sharma started steadily with the bat. SRH only scored 37 in the first six overs but the openers remained intact.
Skipper Williamson brought up the fifty partnership for the opening wicket with a six straight down the ground against Moeen Ali.
The duo added a four and a six each to the total and kept ticking on the runs as SRH were placed at 69-0 at the half-way stage.
Abhishek Sharma notched up his half-century in the 12thover that produced 14 runs after Sharma whacked a four and six each against Jordan.
However SRH lost the key wicket of skipper Williamson who was caught inside the circle.
Rahul Tripathi got into the act straight away with a six. Meanwhile Abhishek Sharma continued to attack with his glorious shots. 13 runs were conceded off the 15thover bowled by Mukesh Choudhary as SRH required 34 in the final five overs.
Tripathi thumped a six and three fours against Jordan as SRH hammered 19 runs off the 17thover as the fifty partnership was up for the second wicket.
Earlier CSK who were put in to bat first made one change – Maheesh Theekshana replaced Dwaine Pretorius in the eleven.
CSK openers – Ruturaj Gaikwad and Robin Uthappa started confidently by striking three boundaries and CSK were 25/0 after three overs.
Washington Sundar provided SRH their first breakthrough after Uthappa was caught by Markram.
SRH scalped their second wicket after Natarajan cleaned the stumps of Ruturaj and CSK were 41-2 after 6 overs.
Only 10 runs were conceded in the next two overs and SRH were on top with the ball. Moeen Ali and Rayudu hit a four each in the 9thover to release pressure.
CSK were 68-2 at the halfway mark before Rayudu hit consecutive fours against Jansen. CSK recovered very well as Rayudu and Ali switched gears.
The fifty partnership was up for the third wicket and CSK were 97/2 at the end of 13 overs. Sundar brought an end to the partnership after Rayudu was caught in the deep.
SRH fought back by scalping two more wickets. While Moeen Ali was caught in the deep off Markram’s bowling Shivam Dube was caught by short third-man as Natarajan picked his second wicket of the innings.
Bhuvneshwar conceded only 4 runs in the 17thover before Jansen picked his first wicket of the season to dismiss MS Dhoni at the other end.
14 runs came off the penultimate over after Jadeja smashed a four and six against Natarajan. Jadeja was dismissed in the last over by Bhuvneshwar Kumar but CSK finished well with a total of 154-7 in the first innings.
Brief ScoresSunrisers Hyderabad155-2 Abhishek Sharma 75 Rahul Tripathi 39 Dwayne Bravo 1-29 beatChennai Super Kings154-7 Moeen Ali 48 Ambati Rayudu 27 Washington Sundar 2-21by 8 wickets.

Date 08 Apr 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 16 PBKS Vs GT – Match Report


The Gujarat Titans GT won three games in a row in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 after defeating the Punjab Kings PBKS by 6 wickets on Friday at the Brabourne Stadium in Mumbai.
In a game that went to the final delivery Gujarat Titans successfully chased down the target of 190 courtesy of Shubman Gill’s elegant 96 at the top followed by Rahul Tewatia’s final over heroics with two sixes in the final two deliveries that sealed the chase.
Chasing 190 Gujarat Titans lost the wicket of Mathew Wade early after the left-handed batter was caught behind. However Shubman Gill played elegant strokes at the top and was timing the ball to perfection.
Sai Sudharsan who was playing his debut innings started confidently by smashing two fours and GT were 53/1 at the end of powerplay.
The fifty partnership was up for the second wicket and GT were 94/1 at the halfway mark.
Gill ensured the momentum stayed with GT by continuing the flow of boundaries from one end while Sudharsan played second fiddle.
PBKS finally broke the partnership after Sudharsan was caught by Mayank Agarwal off Rahul Chahar’s bowling and GT required 56 off the final five overs.
13 runs came off the 17thover as GT skipper Hardik Pandya hit consecutive fours against Rahul Chahar.
With 32 required off the final two overs Pandya hit two fours against Rabada in the penultimate over but Rabada managed to dismiss Gill for 96.
GT required 19 off the final over. While Hardik Pandya was out on the first delivery Rahul Tewatia sealed the chase by hitting two sixes in the final two deliveries.
Earlier Punjab Kings who were put in to bat first made one change – Jonny Bairstow was named in the elven.
Gujarat Titans found early success with the ball as skipper Hardik Pandya dismissed the opposition captain Mayank Agarwal who was caught inside the circle for 5.
Dhawan creamed two fours in the 4thover but PBKS lost their second wicket after Jonny Bairstow was caught by short third-man off Lockie Ferguson’s bowling.
Both – Gill and Sudharsan hammered a six each as Gill reached his fifty in the 9thover and added two more brilliantly timed shots for four.
PBKS were 43-2 at the end of powerplay before Liam Livingstone and opener Shikhar Dhawan stitched a crucial fifty-run partnership for the third wicket.
Despite a great effort in the deep Livingstone who was doing the brunt of the hitting was nearly caught by Hardik Pandya after his shot went for a six.
Rashid Khan brought an end to the partnership after Dhawan was caught behind for 35.
Jitesh Sharma who was the new man in thumped two sixes and a four to support Livingstone who was going strong at one end as 24 runs came off the 13thover.
Darshan Nalkande brought the momentum back with GT after the bowler struck twice in consecutive deliveries to dismiss Jitesh Sharma and Odean Smith.
18 runs came off the 15thover courtesy of consecutive sixes by Shahrukh Khan against Mohammad Shami.
Rashid Khan dismissed both Livingstone and Shahrukh Khan in the 16thover. PBKS lost their eighth wicket after Rabada was run-out in the 17thover.
Shami cleaned up the stumps of Vaibhav Arora but Rahul Chahar added valuable runs by hitting two fours and a six as PBKS finished the first innings with a total of 189/9.
Brief ScoresGujarat Titans190-4 Shubman Gill 96 Sai Sudharsan 35 Kagiso Rabada 2-35beatPunjab Kings189-9 Liam Livingstone 64 Shikhar Dhawan 35 Rashid Khan 3-22by 6 wickets.

Date 08 Apr 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 15 LSG Vs DC – Match Report


The Lucknow Super Giants LSG won their third game on the trot in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 after defeating the Delhi Capitals DC by 6 wickets on Thursday at the DY Patil Stadium in Navi Mumbai.
Quinton de Kock’s terrific knock of 8052 at the top led Lucknow Super Giants to a successful chase in the final over after the LSG bowling attack restricted Delhi Capitals to 149-3 in the first innings.
Chasing 150 Lucknow Super Giants openers – KL Rahul and Quinton de Kock took their time to get going before de Kock struck three fours in a row along with a six against Anrich Nortje in the 5thover which produced 19 runs.
LSG were 48-0 at the end of powerplay. The duo crossed the 50-run mark for the opening wicket as Rahul hit his first maximum of the innings in the 8thover.
Rahul was dismissed in the 10thover after the LSG skipper was caught at long-off by Shaw and LSG were 74-1 at the half-way mark.
de Kock brought up his half-century in style with a four and LSG required 64 off 8 overs.
Evin Lewis was removed for 5 by Lalit Yadav in the 13th over giving DC their second wicket.
However de Kock continued to play the attacking strokes as DC required 39 off the final five overs.
De Kock smashed consecutive fours against Kuldeep Yadav but the left-arm spinner bounced back to dismiss the LSG opener who departed for 80 in the 16thover.
Only 9 runs were conceded in the next two overs as LSG required 19 off 12 deliveries.
14 runs came off the penultimate over after Krunal Pandya smacked a six straight down the ground against Mustafizur Rahman.
Deepak Hooda was dismissed on the first ball of the final over but young Ayush Badoni held his nerves and finished the chase with a four and a six.
Earlier DC who were put in to bat first made three changes -David Warner Anrich Nortje and Sarfaraz Khan were named in the eleven.
Openers – David Warner and Prithvi Shaw provided DC a solid start with the bat. Shaw smashed his first six in the 3rdover followed by three fours in a row against Avesh Khan in the 4thover. The fifty partnership was up for the opening pair and DC were 52/0 after 6 overs.
Prithvi Shaw brought up his half-century and clubbed a four and a six. However LSGbounced back by picking two wickets in consecutive overs to send DC openers back to the pavilion. Gowtham and Bishnoi claimed a wicket each.
At the end of 10 overs DC were 73-2 before Bishnoi scalped his second wicket to dismiss Rovman Powell who was bowled for 5.
Skipper Rishabh Pant was joined by Sarfaraz Khan in the middle as the duo played steadily to get DC to 99-3 at the end of 15 overs.
Pant changed the momentum by smacking two sixes and a four in the 16thover. Sarfaraz Khan followed the DC skipper and scored consecutive fours against Avesh Khan in the next over.
Impressive death bowling from Jason Holder and Avesh Khan ensured only 19 runs were conceded in the final three overs as DC posted 149/3 in the first innings.
Brief ScoresLucknow Super Giants155-4 Quinton de Kock 80 KL Rahul 24 Kuldeep Yadav 2-31beatDelhi Capitals149-3 Prithvi Shaw 61 Rishabh Pant 39* Ravi Bishnoi 2-22by 6 wickets.

Date 07 Apr 2022

Rishabh Pant fined for slow over-rate


IPL Media Advisory
April 8 2022
The Delhi Capitals have been fined after they maintained a slowoverrateduring their TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 match against Lucknow Super Giants at the DY Patil Stadium Navi Mumbai on April 7.
As it was the team’s first offence of the season under the IPL’sCodeofConductrelating to minimumoverrateoffences Delhi Capitals captain Rishabh Pant was fined Rs 12 lakhs. 
IPL

Date 06 Apr 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 14 KKR Vs MI – Match Report


The Kolkata Knight Riders KKR rose to the top of the table in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 after defeating the Mumbai Indians MI by 5 wickets on Wednesday at the Maharashtra Cricket AssociationStadium in Pune.
Pat Cummins stunned everyone with his batting prowess by scoring the joint-fastest half-century in the IPL as KKR chased down the target of 162 with four overs to spare.
Chasing a target of 162 Kolkata Knight Riders lost Ajinkya Rahane’s wicket early after the right-handed batter was caught in the deep in the 5thover off Tymal Mills’ bowling.
KKR lost skipper Shreyas Iyer’s wicket on the final delivery of the powerplay as Daniel Sams scalped his first wicket of the innings and KKR were 35-2 after 6 overs.
Sam Billings who was the new batter at the crease boosted the scoring rate after he clubbed a six each against Murugan Ashwin and Basil Thampi.
Venkatesh Iyer hit his first maximum of the innings but KKR lost Billings’ wicket after the right-hander holed out to long-off against Murugan Ashwin.
14 runs came of the 11thover as Nitish Rana sliced a six over third-man. However the left-handed batter became Murugan Ashwin’s second victim after he was caught at deep mid-wicket.
Tymal Mills was back to bowl the 14thover and struck straightaway by scalping the crucial wicket of Andre Russell who miscued a pull shot and was caught by Brevis.
New batter Pat Cummins got underway in style with a six followed by a four against Mills. In the next over Venkatesh Iyer completed his half-century while Cummins smashed his second six as KKR required 35 of the final five overs.
Pat Cummins changed the momentum within a span of one over with his striking abilities as well as ended up scoring the joint fastest half-century in the IPL.
KKR hammered 35 runs off the 16thover and chased down the total with four overs to spare as Cummins clobbered four sixes and 2 fours against Daniel Sams.
Earlier Mumbai Indians who were put into bat first made two changes – Dewald Brevis and Suryakumar Yadav were named in the eleven.
Umesh Yadav continued his good run with the new ball as he found early success to dismiss MI skipper Rohit Sharma who was caught by Sam Billings in the 3rdover.
MI debutant - Dewald Brevis began his innings confidently and scored two fours and a six as MI were 35-1 at the end of powerplay.
After dispatching a six against Varun Chakaravarthy Brevis was stumped by Sam Billings off Chakaravarthy’s bowling bringing an end to a brief but entertaining stay.
After a quiet couple of overs Pat Cummins dismissed Kishan after the left-handed batter miscued a pull shot which was caught inside the circle.
Suryakumar Yadav accelerated from the 13thover after the right-handed batter smacked a four followed by an upper-cut for six against Umesh’s bowling.
With 5 overs to go MI were 85-3 before 30 runs were conceded in the following two overs with Tilak Varma doing the majority of hitting. The fifty partnership was up between Suryakumar Yadav and Tilak Varma for the fourth wicket.
MI got into a great position with three overs to go as Suryakumar played a slog-sweep to smash a giant maximum followed by a four against Narine in the 18thover.
Both Suryakumar and Varma creamed a four each in the penultimate over against Andre Russell.
Suryakumar was caught behind for 52 but MI finished the innings in grand fashion after 3 sixes from Keiron Pollard guided MI to 161-4 in the first innings.
Brief ScoresKolkata Knight Riders162-5Pat Cummins 56* Venkatesh Iyer 50* Murugan Ashwin 2-25beatMumbai Indians161-4 Suryakumar Yadav 52 Tilak Varma 38 Pat Cummins 2-49by 5 wickets.

Date 05 Apr 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 13 RR Vs RCB – Match Report


The Royal Challengers Bangalore RCB emerged victorious for the second consecutive time in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 by defeating the Rajasthan Royals RR by 4 wickets on Tuesday at the Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai.
Match-defining knocks from Dinesh Karthik and Shahbaz Ahmed powered RCB to a memorable victory as they chased down the target of 170 in a high-octane clash.
Chasing 170 RCB openers – Faf du Plessis and Anuj Rawat got off to a confident start. Both du Plessis and Rawat hit four fours each in the powerplay and RCB were 48-0 after 6 overs.
Yuzvendra Chahal who was introduced into the attack in the 7thover broke the opening partnership after RCB skipper holed out to long-on.
RCB lost track of the chase after they lost three crucial wickets in the span of two overs. First opener Rawat was caught behind for 26 off Navdeep Saini’s bowling.
Later in the 9thover Virat Kohli was run-out for 5. On the very next delivery David Willey was bamboozled by Chahal who disturbed the timber to scalp his second wicket.
RCB scored 15 runs off the 12thover after Shahbaz Ahmed hit two sixes and a four. However RR continued to attack with the ball as a fantastic diving catch from Navdeep Saini brought an end to Rutherford’s innings.
Dinesh Karthik who was the next man in changed the course of the game with his outstanding counter-attacking shots. The right-handed batter clubbed three fours and a six against Ashwin in the 14thover.
The following over by Saini conceded 16 runs. Karthik was timing his shots to perfection as he added two more fours to the total.
Shahbaz Ahmed on the other end played a fine supporting role as the fifty partnership was up for the duo.
With 28 required off the final three overs Shahbaz Ahmed smacked a four and six each against Boult before he was cleaned up by the left-arm pacer.
The equation was down to 15 off the final two overs as Dinesh Karthik wrapped the chase in style and remained unbeaten on 44 off 23 deliveries while Harshal Patel hit the final six to take RCB home.
Earlier the Rajasthan Royals who were put in to bat first remained unchanged from the previous game. RR lost an early wicket in form of Yashasvi Jaiswal after David Willey knocked the off-stump to dismiss the left-handed batter for 4.
RR batted cautiously thanks to some fiery pace bowling from the RCB seamers and were 35-1 at the end of 6 overs with Padikkal and Buttler at the crease.
Buttler was dropped twice in the 7thover and the batter capitalised on the opportunity by smashing his first maximum of the innings.
Both Padikkal and Buttler smacked a six each as the fifty partnership was up for the second wicket.
It took a special catch from Virat Kohli to break the partnership and Padikkal was dismissed for 37. Hasaranga joined the party to take a crucial wicket of Sanju Samson after the RR skipper was caught and bowled in the 12thover.
Shimron Hetmyer hit consecutive boundaries to get off the mark but Harshal Patel and Hasaranga did not let the momentum slip away from RCB by bowling dot balls.
After 16 overs RR were 107-3 before Hetmyer struck a maximum and added to fours to the total. Jos Buttler reached his half-century in the penultimate over by smacking consecutive sixes against Siraj.
RR hammered 23 runs off the final over after Buttler clobbered 2 sixes while Hetmyer smacked the final delivery for a six as RR concluded their innings with a total of 169-3.
Brief ScoresRoyal Challengers Bangalore173-6Shahbaz Ahmed 45 Dinesh Karthik 44* Yuzvendra Chahal 2-15beatRajasthan Royals169-3 Jos Buttler 70* Shimron Hetmyer 42 Harshal Patel 1-18beat by 4 wickets.

Date 04 Apr 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 12 SRH Vs LSG – Match Report


The Lucknow Super Giants LSG registered their second consecutive victory in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 by defeating the Sunrisers Hyderabad SRH by 12 runs on Monday at the DY Patil Stadium in Navi Mumbai.
Fifties from skipper KL Rahul and Deepak Hooda guided the Lucknow Super Giants to a competitive total of 169-7 before Avesh Khans 4-wicket haul helped the LSG bowling attack restrict SRH to 157/9.
Chasing 170 SRH lost skipper Kane Williamson early in the innings. After smashing a four and a six each the SRH skipper was caught at short fine leg off Avesh Khan’s bowling in the fourth over.
Avesh scalped his second wicket inside the powerplay after Manish Pandey grabbed a skier to dismiss Abhishek Sharma and SRH were 40-2 at the end of the powerplay.
Rahul Tripathi who was joined by Aiden Markram creamed three boundaries and started his innings confidently.
Three boundaries were scored in the 8thover bowled by Andrew Tye who conceded 15 runs in his second over of the game.
Tripathi capitalised and stormed to 33 off 18 deliveries and SRH were 82/2 at the halfway stage. The very next delivery saw the dismissal of Aiden Markram who was caught at extra-cover for 12 as Krunal Pandya claimed his first wicket.
Pandya added one more wicket to his tally after Tripathi’s valuable knock came to an end as the right-handed batter was caught in the deep for 44.
Nicholas Pooran kept SRH’s hopes alive as the left-handed explosive batter clubbed three fours and a six and was well supported by Washington Sundar at the other end.
With 33 required off the final three Pooran smashed a maximum before Avesh Khan struck twice in consecutive deliveries to dismiss Pooran and Abdul Samad.
SRH scored 10 runs in the penultimate over and required 16 off the final 6 deliveries. Jason Holder bowled the final over with perfection by claiming three wickets as SRH fell 13 runs short of the target.
Earlier LSG who were put in to bat first made one change – Jason Holder replaced Dushmantha Chameera in the eleven.
Sunrisers Hyderabad made a rewarding start with the ball as they claimed three wickets in the powerplay.
While Evin Lewis was trapped in front Quinton de Kock and Manish Pandey were caught inside the circle. Washington Sundar spun his web to claim two wickets while Romario Shepherd picked one.
LSG were 32-3 at the end of 6 overs as skipper KL Rahul was joined by Deepak Hooda.The duo formed a crucial partnership and got LSG out of trouble after hammering 20 runs off the Umran Malik over as LSG were 68-3 at the end of 10 overs.
LSG recovered well after a struggling start and were going strong as the fifty partnership was up between Hooda and Rahul who ensured the boundaries kept flowing.
Both Hooda and skipper Rahul reached their respective half-centuries but SRH managed to bring an end to the dangerous partnership after Hooda holed out in the deep off Shepherd’s bowling.
With four overs to go LSG were 120-4 before Sundar conceded 17 runs in the 17thover. While LSG skipper added a four and a six new batter – Ayush Badoni creamed a boundary to end the over.
Rahul smacked a four and a six but Natarajan’s impressive death bowling brought an end to the LSG skipper’s knock. Krunal Pandya was the next man to be dismissed after the left-handed batter was cleaned up by a Natarajan yorker.
Ayush Badoni played a valuable finishing knock by scoring three fours at the end with 17 runs coming from the final over of the innings as LSG posted 169-7 in the first innings.
Brief ScoresLucknow Super Giants169-7KL Rahul 68 Deepak Hooda 51 Washington Sundar 2-28beatSunrisers Hyderabad157-9 Rahul Tripathi 44 Nicholas Pooran 34 Avesh Khan 4-24by 12 runs.

Date 03 Apr 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 11 CSK Vs PBKS – Match Report


The Punjab Kings PBKS bounced back in style in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 by defeating the Chennai Super Kings CSK by 54 runs on Sunday at the Brabourne Stadium in Mumbai.
Liam Livingstone led from the front with an all-round show in Punjab Kings’ comprehensive victory over CSK as he scored his maiden IPL half-century and claimed two crucial wickets with the ball.
Chasing 181 CSK did not get the ideal start with the bat after openers Ruturaj Gaikwad and Robin Uthappa were back in the hut.
Ruturaj was caught in the slips by Dhawan while Uthappa’s leading edge was taken by PBKS skipper Agarwal. Kagiso Rabada and Vaibhav Arora claimed a wicket each.
PBKS continued to mount pressure with the new ball as debutant Vaibhav Arora claimed his second wicket after Moeen Ali dragged a delivery onto the stumps.
CSK skipper Ravindra Jadeja was out for a duck after Arora disturbed the timber in the final over of the powerplay and CSK were 27-4 after 6 overs.
Troubles grew further for CSK as half the side was back to the pavilion after Odean Smith joined the wickets tally and dismissed Rayudu in the 8thover.
With the asking rate climbing up Shivam Dube decided to counter-attack and struck the ball cleanly as the left-handed batter smacked five fours and one six.
However CSK still required 108 from the final seven overs. Fifty partnership was up for the sixth wicket as 18 runs came from the 14th over bowled by Rabada after Dube hit consecutive sixes to reach fifty off just 26 deliveries.
Liam Livingstone ended the Dube-Dhoni stand by taking two crucial wickets in successive deliveries. While Dube was caught at short-third man Bravo was caught and bowled.
Rahul Chahar conceded a six in the 16thover but bounced back to dismiss Pretorius. CSK required 74 off the final four before Dhoni hammered a four and a six against Livingstone.
However the former CSK skipper was caught behind thanks to a sharp catch behind the stumps by debutant Jitesh Sharma. Chahar claimed his third wicket as PBKS wrapped the CSK innings in the 18thover and won the game convincingly by 74 runs.
Earlier the Punjab Kings who were put in to bat first made two changes – Jitesh Sharma and Vaibhav Arora were named in the eleven.
CSK made a terrific start with the ball by claiming two early wickets. While PBKS skipper Mayank Agarwal was caught inside the circle Bhanuka Rajapaksa was run out for 9 thanks to a magnificent fielding display by MS Dhoni and Chris Jordan.
However Liam Livingstone announced his arrival in style and crunched four fours and three giant sixes which released the early-wicket pressure for PBKS. Shikhar Dhawan supported Livingstone with his aggressive strokes and PBKS were 72-2 at the end of powerplay.
Livingstone who was dropped by Rayudu off Jadeja’s bowling completed his maiden IPL fifty and PBKS sailed past hundred in the 10thover.
CSK bounced back by scalping two wickets in the space of two overs to dismiss both Dhawan and Livingstone. While Bravo dismissed Dhawan Jadeja led from the front to claim the crucial wicket of Livingstone who was caught by Rayudu.
Debutant Jitesh Sharma kept the momentum going for PBKS by playing confidently as the right-handed batter smacked three sixes before he was dismissed by Dwaine Pretorius for 26 in the 15thover.
Jordan on the other hand brought Shahrukh Khan’s innings to an end after the right-handed batter was caught by Pretorius for 6. PBKS were 152-6 at the end of 16 overs.
Jordan scalped his second wicket of the innings to dismiss Odean Smith in 18thover. Rahul Chahar smacked a four and a six each before he was caught in the deep by Bravo.
Only 4 runs were conceded by Dwayne Bravo in the final over as PBKS posted a total of 180/8 in the first innings.
Brief ScoresPunjab Kings180-8Liam Livingstone 60 Shikhar Dhawan 33 Chris Jordan 2-23beatChennai Super Kings126 all out Shivam Dube 57 MS Dhoni 23 Rahul Chahar 3-25by 54 runs.

Date 02 Apr 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 10 GT Vs DC – Match Report


The Gujarat Titans GT won their second game in a row in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 by beating the Delhi Capitals DC by 14 runs on Saturday at the Maharashtra Cricket Association Stadium in Pune.
Shubman Gill’s formidable knock of 84 guided Gujarat Titans to a powerful total of 171-6 which they successfully defended against the Delhi Capitals courtesy of Lockie Fergusons four-wicket haul.
Chasing a target of 172 the Delhi Capitals had a shaky start to the innings. GT skipper – Hardik Pandya led from the front to dismiss Tim Seifert in the 2ndover after the DC opener was caught near mid-wicket.
Mandeep Singh who joined Prithvi Shaw in the middle started aggressively by scoring three fours against GT’s fierce opening bowling attack of Mohammad Shami and Hardik Pandya.
Lockie Ferguson struck immediately after being introduced to bowl and managed to pick two wickets in an over. While Prithvi Shaw was caught by Vijay Shankar at deep square leg Mandeep Singh was caught behind for 18.
Lalit Yadav who came in next to bat started confidently by creaming two boundaries against Shami as DC ended the powerplay at 43-3.
DC skipper Rishabh Pant hit consecutive fours against Ferguson who was bowling with rapid pace.
Lalit Yadav swept Rashid Khan for a maximum and DC were 79-3 after the end of 10 overs with a promising partnership in the works.
Pant smashed two fours against Vijay Shankar but GT managed to break the dangerous partnership after Lalit Yadav was run out for 25.
Rovman Powell announced his entry to the crease with a six in the 14thover. Ferguson on the other hand hauled GT back into the game by scalping the wickets of DC skipper who was out for 43 and Axar Patel who was also dismissed in the same over.
Rashid Khan picked his first wicket of the game and DC required 30 off the final three overs. Shami struck twice on consecutive deliveries to dismiss the dangerous Powell and Khaleel Ahmed in the 18thover.
GT wrapped up the innings and successfully defended the total with DC requiring 24 off the final over.
Earlier the Gujarat Titans who were put in to bat first remained unchanged from the previous game. GT lost an early wicket in the form of Mathew Wade who was caught behind in the first over off Mustafizur’s bowling.
Opener Shubman Gill was joined by Vijay Shankar at the crease. Gill smacked the first maximum of the innings in the 5thover as GT were placed at 44-1 at the end of the powerplay.
Kuldeep Yadav who was introduced into the attack struck immediately as Vijay Shankar dragged the delivery into the stumps.
GT skipper Hardik Pandya joined Shubman Gill out in the middle. Pandya was off the mark with a four as he joined Gill in forming a crucial partnership for the third wicket.
At the end of ten overs GT were placed at 66-2 with both Gill and Pandya deciding to switch gears. Hardik Pandya creamed three fours while Shubman Gill on the other end reached his 11thIPL half-century followed by two more fours against Khaleel Ahmed.
However the left-arm pacer bounced back by dismissing the GT skipper – Pandya who was caught at long-on by Powell.
Gill did not let the momentum shift away as he continued to attack the DC bowlers. The GT opener clubbed Kuldeep Yadav for a four and a six in the 15thover.
The flow of runs continued after Gill added two more sixes to the total to reach his career best IPL score.
At the end of 17 overs GT were 145-3 before Khaleel Ahmed brought an end to Gill’s fine knock of 84 off just 46 deliveries as the right-handed batter was caught by Axar Patel.
Rahul Tewatia and David Miller scored a boundary each against Khaleel Ahmed in the 18thover. Tewatia launched a maximum over deep square leg in the next over but was dismissed in the final over of the innings after he was caught by Shardul Thakur.
GT ended their first innings with a total of 171/6 after Mustafizur scalped his third wicket when Abhinav Manohar was caught near extra cover.
Brief ScoresGujarat Titans171/6 Shubman Gill 84 Hardik Pandya 31 Mustafizur Rahman 3-23beat Delhi Capitals157-9Rishabh Pant 43 Lalit Yadav 25 Lockie Ferguson 4-28by 6 wickets.

Date 02 Apr 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 09 MI Vs RR – Match Report


The Rajasthan Royals RR registered their second consecutive victory in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 by beating the Mumbai Indians MI by 23 runs on Saturday at the DY Patil Stadium in Navi Mumbai.
Jos Buttler became the first centurion of the season as a magnificent knock from the opening batter powered Rajasthan Royals to a commanding total of 193/8 before the RR bowling unit successfully defended the total to win the game by 23 runs.
The unchanged Mumbai Indians eleven had a challenging task of chasing a target of 194. MI skipper – Rohit Sharma hit his trademark pull-shot against Prasidh Krishna for six but was dismissed in the same over after he was caught at backward point.
Navdeep Saini conceded a six and a couple of fours in the fourth over but the pacer bounced back with a wicket to dismiss Anmolpreet Singh who was dismissed for 5.
MI were 50-2 at the end of powerplay with Kishan and Tilak Varma at the crease. The duo built a steady partnership for the third wicket and kept the runs ticking.
Varma did the majority of the hitting while Kishan played second fiddle. Varma smacked an overpitched delivery for six to bring up the fifty partnership for the third wicket and MI were placed at 94-2 at the half-way mark.
Kishan notched up his half-century in the 13thover with a four against Trent Boult but was dismissed on the final delivery of the over courtesy of a stunning catch by Navdeep Saini in the outfield.
Tilak Varma hit his maiden IPL fifty as MI required 65 off the final six overs. The batter reverse-swept Ashwin for a six but was cleaned up by the spinner on the very next delivery.
Yuzvendra Chahal scalped two wickets on consecutive deliveries in the 16thover to dismiss Tim David and Daniel Sams.
MI required 50 off the final three overs. Keiron Pollard hit a four and a six each in the 18thover bowled by Bolt to get MI closer.
Pollard got a reprieve in the penultimate over as 9 runs came from Prasidh Krishna’s over and MI required 29 runs off the final 6 deliveries. Navdeep Saini delivered for RR in the final over with a wicket of Pollard as RR successfully defended their total.
Earlier Rajasthan Royals who were put in to bat first made one change – Navdeep Saini replaced Nathan Coulter-Nile in the eleven.
MI made early inroads after Yashasvi Jasiwal was caught inside the circle in the third over as Jasprit Bumrah struck early.
However on the other hand Jos Buttler hammered 26 runs including two fours and three sixes in the fourth over bowled by Basil Thampi. MI ended the powerplay on a high note as Devdutt Padikkal was caught by skipper Rohit Sharma and RR were 48-2 after six overs.
RR skipper - Sanju Samson joined Buttler in the middle as the wicket-keeper batter crossed the half-century mark in the 8thover with two consecutive boundaries against Daniel Sams.
While Murugan Ashwin kept things quiet at one end Tymal Mills conceded 14 off the 10thover. Samson wrapped the over with a six and RR were 87-2 at the half-way stage.
21 runs came off the 11thover bowled by Murugan Ashwin as boundaries were flowing in plenty from both Samson and Buttler as the fifty partnership was up for the third wicket.
After only 6 runs coming off the 14thover RR lost skipper Samson who was caught by Tilak Varma in the deep.
RR were 144-3 with four overs left in the innings before the new batter Shimron Hetmyer whacked 2 sixes and 3 fours with brutal force and power to produce 26 runs against Pollard in the 17thover.
The left-handed batter added a six and a four to the total in the 18thover. Jos Buttler became the first centurion of the season and reached the landmark in the penultimate over.
However MI picked three wickets in the over owing to Bumrah’s outstanding death bowling. The pacer took the crucial wickets of Hetmyer and centurion Buttler while Ravichandran Ashwin was run out for 1.
MI scalped two more wickets in the final over bowled by Tymal Mills as RR finished the first innings with a total of 193-8.
Brief ScoresRajasthan Royals193/8Jos Buttler 100 Shimron Hetmyer 35 Jasprit Bumrah 3-17beat Mumbai Indians170/8 Tilak Verma 61 Ishan Kishan 54 Yuzvendra Chahal 2-26by 23 runs.

Date 01 Apr 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 08 KKR Vs PBKS – Match Report


The Kolkata Knight Riders KKR were back to winning ways in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 by beating the Punjab Kings PBKS by 6 wickets on Friday at the Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai.
Umesh Yadav ripped through PBKS batting line-up with a brilliant 4-wicket haul before Andre Russell’s annihilating unbeaten knock of 70 off just 31 deliveries propelled KKR to a commanding victory against PBKS.
Chasing 138 for victory the Kolkata Knight Riders lost two early wickets. Ajinkya Rahane who reached the 4000 IPL runs landmark in the game was later caught by Odean Smith at short third man.
Venkatesh Iyer was dismissed to a sharp-catch by Harpreet Brar inside the circle. Sam Billings joined skipper Shreyas Iyer who was looking in solid touch and was dealing in boundaries.
KKR were 51-2 at the end of powerplay before Rahul Chahar bowled a special double-wicket maiden over to dismiss skipper Iyer for 26 and Nitish Rana for a second-ball duck.
After a quiet couple of overs Andre Russell clubbed two giant sixes off Harpreet Brar as KKR scored 17 runs from the 10thover.
The Knight Riders hammered 30 runs off the 12th over bowled by Odean Smith. While Russell smashed three sixes and a four Billings wrapped the over with a maximum straight down the ground on a free-hit.
After only five runs coming from the 13thover by Rahul Chahar Russell reached the half-century figure in the next over and ended the Arshdeep Singh over with a slice over deep-cover for six.
The Knight Riders required only 14 runs off the final six overs and Russell wrapped up the chase with consecutive sixes and remained unbeaten on 70 off just 31 deliveries to complete a dominating victory with more than five overs to spare.
Earlier the Punjab Kings who were put in to bat first made one change – Kagiso Rabada replaced Sandeep Sharma in the eleven. Umesh Yadav continued his fine form with the new ball and dismissed the PBKS skipper – Mayank Agarwal for LBW in the opening over.
The pressure of an early wicket didn’t seem to bother PBKS as Bhanuka Rajapaksa the new man in was up and running with 3 fours and 3 sixes before he was caught inside the circle off Shivam Mavi’s bowling.
PBKS lost their third wicket in the form of Shikhar Dhawanwho was caught behind for 16 and the Punjab Kings were 62/3 at the end of powerplay.
The Knight Riders added two more wickets to the tally after the first six overs.
Yadav scalped his second wicket of the innings after Livingstone was caught in the deep while Narine cleaned up the stumps of Raj Bawa in the next over.
With PBKS placed at 85/5 after the first ten overs the pressure mounted on the batters as Shahrukh Khan was dismissed for a duck in the 13thover bowled by Southee.
Yadav who was back to bowl his final over of the innings struck twice and produced a double-wicket maiden to dismiss Harpeet Brar and Rahul Chahar. While Brar was cleaned up by the pacer Chahar was caught by the slip fielder.
Kagiso Rabada and Odean Smith added crucial 35 runs for the 9thwicket before the Knight Riders picked up the final two wickets to reduce PBKS to 137. Rabada was caught in the deep thanks to a stunning catch by Southee while Arshdeep Singh was run-out for 0.
Brief ScoresKolkata Knight Riders141/4 Andre Russell 70* Shreyas Iyer 26 Rahul Chahar 2-13beat Punjab Kings137 all outBhanuka Rajapaksa 31 Kagiso Rabada 25 Umesh Yadav 4-23by 6 wickets.

Date 31 Mar 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 07 LSG Vs CSK – Match Report


High-scoring thriller in Mumbai
The Lucknow Super Giants LSG secured their first victory of the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 in style by beating the Chennai Super Kings CSK by 6 wickets on Thursday at the Brabourne Stadium in Mumbai.
The Super Giants emerged victorious in a monumental chase of 211 as Evin Lewis’ enthralling unbeaten innings of 55*23 led LSG to their first victory of the season.
The Lucknow Super Giants made one change from their previous game – Andrew Tye replaced Mohsin Khan in the eleven.
With a herculean task of chasing a target of 211 LSG openers started on a confident note as both – de Kock and skipper KL Rahul played some audacious strokes at the top.
The boundaries came in plenty as the fifty partnership was up for the opening wicket and de Kock was dropped by Moeen Ali inside the circle in the 6thover as LSG were placed at 55/0 at the end of powerplay.
Rahul smacked a maximum to bring up the hundredth six of the season and the LSG openers were striking at ten an over with runs flowing easily off the bat of de Kock and the Super Giants skipper.
de Kock crossed his fifty in the tenth over bowled by Bravo which produced only 8 runs. LSG were 98 without the loss of any wicket after 10 overs.
Dwaine Pretorius brought CSK back into the game by dismissing the LSG skipper who was caught thanks to a sharp running catch in the deep by Rayudu. Manish Pandey was the next man to depart after he was caught at mid-off by Bravo off Tushar Deshpande’s bowling.
After a temporary slump in run-scoring LSG struck 15 off the 14thover courtesy of Evin Lewis’ six and a four but CSK got the all-important wicket of de Kock.
Deepak Hooda joined Evin Lewis and the duo collectively smacked two sixes and three fours before Dwayne Bravo dismissed Hooda to become the all-time leading wicket taker in the history of the tournament.
With 34 required off the final two overs Evin Lewis and young Ayush Badoni hammered 25 runs in the penultimate over which included 2 sixes and 2 fours.
Ayush Badoni sealed the chase in style with a maximum to power the Super Giants to their first-ever victory in the tournament.
Earlier the Chennai Super Kings who were asked to bat first made three changes to their line-up with Moeen Ali Dwaine Pretorius and Mukesh Choudhary being named in the eleven.
Robin Uthappa kicked off the CSK innings with two sublime shots for fouras the Super Kings scored 14 off the first over bowled by Avesh Khan.
A brilliant presence of mind and great fielding effort from Ravi Bishnoi produced the first wicket for LSG after Ruturaj Gaikwad was run out for 1.
Uthappa single-handedly dominated the powerplay by smashing the ball all around the park with his pure timing and hit eight fours and a six.
The opener was then joined by explosive left-handed batter Moeen Ali who played some cracking shots early in his innings as CSK were off to a flyer scoring 73-1 after 6 overs.
Uthappa’s dangerous knock of 50 off just 27 deliveries came to an end after the right-handed batter was trapped lbw by Ravi Bishnoi.
CSK sailed past hundred runs in the 10thover after Shivam Dube who joined Moeen Ali creamed three fours against Dushmantha Chameera.
Moeen Ali was cleaned up by Avesh Khan’s full-length delivery in the 11thover. Shivam Dube along with Ambati Rayudu who was the new man to the crease continued the flow of runs with Dube doing the majority of the striking.
With five overs to go Rayudu clubbed a giant six against Krunal Pandya as the fifty partnership was up for the fourth wicket.
Bishnoi struck at the right time for LSG to dismiss the dangerous Rayudu who was bowled for 27.
Skipper Jadeja joined Dube who smacked a monstrous six in the 18thover that nearly went out of the ground. The left-handed batter fell one short of his fifty after he was caught to a fine catch in the deep by Evin Lewis.
The former CSK skipper MS Dhoni hammered his first delivery for a six to the off-side followed by a four in the penultimate over.
Pacer Andrew Tye dismissed skipper Jadeja and Dwaine Pretorius on consecutive deliveries but Dhoni wrapped the innings with a four as CSK posted a commanding total of 210/7.
Brief ScoresLucknow Super Giants211-4 Quinton de Kock 61 Evin Lewis 55* Dwaine Pretorius 2-31beat Chennai Super Kings210-7Robin Uthappa 50 Shivam Dube 49 Ravi Bishnoi 2-24by 6 wickets.

Date 30 Mar 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 06 RCB Vs KKR – Match Report


The Royal Challengers Bangalore RCB secured their first victory of the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 by beating the Kolkata Knight Riders KKR by 3 wickets on Wednesday at the DY Patil Stadium in Navi Mumbai.
A stellar bowling performance by RCB spearheaded by Wanindu Hasaranga’s four-wicket haul restricted KKR to 128 before useful lower-order contributions from RCB batters took them over the line in a final-over thriller.
RCB who were chasing 129 runs for victory remained unchanged from their previous game. Umesh Yadav continued his fine form from the last game and dismissed Anuj Rawat for a duck in the first over of the innings.
The Royal Challengers lost both their openers after skipper du Plessis was caught inside the circle. Virat Kohli who came in at number 3 hit two glorious fours but was soon dismissed after the former RCB skipper was caught behind off Yadav’s bowling.
At the end of powerplay RCB were 3 down for 36 with David Willey and Sherfane Rutherford at the crease.
Fifty was up for RCB in the 8thover as the batting duo released some pressure by attacking spinner Varun Chakaravarthy who was hit for a four and six each.
The Challengers were 59-3 at the end of ten overs as Willey and Rutherford played some risk-free cricket and kept the runs ticking.
Narine brought KKR back into the game by dismissing Willey who got out to a soft dismissal.
Shahbaz Ahmed who was promoted up the order proved his striking ability by hammering two sixes against Russell to push things back in RCB’s favour.
RCB required 36 runs off the final five overs. The 100 was up for RCB after Shahbaz smacked a maximum against Chakaravarthy but the right-handed batter was stumped on the very next delivery.
With 24 required off the final three overs there was another twist in the tale after Tim Southee struck twice in the over to dismiss Rutherford and Wanindu Hasaranga.
Harshal Patel hit two decisive fours in the penultimate over before Dinesh Karthik wrapped the chase in style with a six and a four.
Earlier the Knight Riders who were put in to bat first made one change from their first game – Tim Southee replaced Shivam Mavi in the side. Openers – Venkatesh Iyer and Ajinkya Rahane made a cautious start to the innings with 14 runs coming in the first three overs.
RCB capitalised on their fine start to dismiss Venkatesh Iyer who was caught and bowled by Akash Deep in the fourth over.
KKR skipper Shreyas Iyer who joined Rahane creamed two fours to kick-off his innings. Mohammed Siraj dismissed Rahane after the right-handed batter was caught in the deep by Shahbaz Ahmed who took an easy catch.
Nitish Rana began his innings in style by smacking a four and a six each against Akash Deep but the pacer bounced back to dismiss the left-handed batter thanks to a fine running catch from David Willey and KKR were 44-3 at the end of 6 overs.
Troubles grew further for the Knight Riders as captain Iyer was caught by du Plessis at long-on against Hasaranga’s bowling.
Sam Billings and Sunil Narine were the two new batters out in the middle. Narine started aggressively by smacking a four and six each against Akash Deep. Billings followed Narine and hit a maximum over mid-wicket.
Hasaranga claimed two wickets in consecutive deliveries to send Narine and Sheldon Jackson back to the pavilion. While Narine was caught inside the circle Jackson was bamboozled by the spinner in the 9thover.
The dangerous Andre Russell walked in to bat with KKR reeling at 76/6 at the half-way stage as the right-handed batter announced his arrival in grand fashion after he thumped a four and six each.
Harshal Patel got into the act with a rare wicket-maiden over by picking the wicket of Sam Billings who was caught by Virat Kohli in the deep. However Russell had no intentions of backing down as the explosive batter clubbed two giant sixes against Shahbaz Ahmed.
An explosive knock of 25 by Russell came to an end after he was caught behind off the bowling of Harshal Patel who delivered an impressive wicket-maiden for the second consecutive time.
Tim Southee was Hasaranga’s fourth victim after a mistimed shot was safely caught by du Plessis at long-on. Umesh Yadav and Varun Chakravarthy added valuable 27 runs for the final wicket before Yadav was cleaned up by Akash Deep in the penultimate over. The Knight Riders ended up posting a total of 128 on the board.
Brief ScoresRoyal Challengers Bangalore132-7 Sherfane Rutherford 28 Shahbaz Ahmed 27 Tim Southee 3-20beat Kolkata Knight Riders128 Andre Russell 25 Umesh Yadav 18 Wanindu Hasaranga 4-20by 3 wickets.

Date 29 Mar 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 05 SRH Vs RR – Match Report


Rajasthan Royals registered a comprehensive victory in their first game of the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 against the Sunrisers Hyderabad SRH on Tuesday at the Maharashtra Cricket Association Stadium in Pune.
A complete batting domination from the Rajasthan Royals powered them to a mammoth total of 210-6 before the RR bowlers led by Yuzvendra Chahal reduced the Sunrisers to 149-7.
Chasing a lofty target of 211 SRH openers – Kane Williamson and Abhishek Sharma were greeted by some fiery pace bowling from Trent Boult and Prasidh Krishna.
The SRH skipper was the first victim after Williamson was caught by Devdutt Padikkal who took a juggling catch in the slips off Krishna’s bowling. The right-arm pacer scalped his second wicket in the form of Rahul Tripathi who nicked the ball back to the keeper.
In the next over Boult removed Nicholas Pooran after the left-handed batter was trapped in front.
The Sunrisers were struggling at 14-3 at the end of the powerplay. Aiden Markram joined opener Abhishek Sharma out in the middle with SRH going through the rebuilding process.
Yuzvendra Chahal was introduced into the attack and the leg-spinner struck immediately after Sharma miscued the lofted shot which was caught by the long-on fielder.
At the half-way mark the Sunrisers were 36-4 and things went bad to worse for them as Abdul Samad was caught in the deep by Hetmyer who took a straightforward catch as Chahal scalped his second wicket of the innings.
Markram was joined by Romario Shephard who hammered consecutive sixes against Nathan Coulter-Nile in the 14thover.
Shephard’s innings came to an end after the right-handed batter was cleaned up by Chahal who bowled a full-length delivery to pick his third wicket.
The target seemed out of reach for the Sunrisers. Washington Sundar who was the next man in hammered 24 runs off the 17thover bowled by Nathan Coulter Nile. The left-handed all-rounder timed the ball eloquently and hit four fours and a six in the same over.
Sundar added another four and a six to the total in the penultimate over as SRH lowered the margin of the target but the batter was caught in the deep off Boult’s bowling which brought an end to a quick-fire innings of 40 off just 14 deliveries.
With a four and a six in the final over of the innings Markram completed his half-century in style but SRH fell 62 runs short of the mark.
Earlier the Rajasthan Royals led by Sanju Samson were asked to bat first. Jos Buttler and Yashasvi Jaiswal opened the innings for RR as the game began with a dramatic first over bowled by Bhuvneshwar Kumar.
Buttler edged one straight to the slips but Bhuvneshwar overstepped on the same delivery giving the right-handed batter an early reprieve.
The no-ball proved to be costly for the Sunrisers as Buttler announced his entrance with his trademark ramp shot. The right-handed opener smacked 21 runs off Umran Malik’s bowling in the fourth over which included three fours and two maximums.
The next over was no different as Washington Sundar conceded 18 runs with Yashasvi Jaiswal joining the party with a maximum.
The Royals were unbeaten at the end of six overs with 58 runs on board but SRH bounced back right after powerplay. Romario Shephard dismissed Jaiswal after the opener was caught in the deep by Markram for 20.
Sanju Samson the RR captain joined the dangerous-looking Buttler and struck straight away clubbing a four and a six each against Abhishek Sharma.
The Royals captain kept the momentum flowing with his clean striking and was joined by left-handed batter Devdutt Padikkal at the other hand with RR 87-2 at the 10-over mark.
Samson and Padikkal joined hands to score 27 runs in the next two overs with both batters smashing a four and a six each.
Padikkal took over the striking duties as the Royals hammered 17 runs off the fourteenth over by Shephard and the fifty partnership was up for the third wicket.
Pacer Malik ended the explosive partnership with a back of a length delivery that crashed into the stumps to dismiss Padikkal.
Samson reached his fifty after hitting two mammoth sixes against Sundar but the RR skipper was caught in the next over while attempting to clear the ropes against Bhuvneshwar Kumar.
Riyan Parag and Shimron Hetmyer the two new batters at the crease carried on the batting domination for the Royals as Natarajan conceded 18 runs in the 17thover.
Hetmyer smashed consecutive sixes against Bhuvneshwar Kumar in the penultimate over as RR surpassed the 200-run mark. However the left-handed batter was castled by Natarajan’s yorker in the final over and the Royals ended with a huge total of 210/6 in the first innings.
Brief ScoresRajasthan Royals210/6 Sanju Samson 55 Devdutt Padikkal 41 Umran Malik 2-39beat Sunrisers Hyderabad149/7 Aiden Markram 57* Washington Sundar 40 Yuzvendra Chahal 3-22by 61 runs.

Date 28 Mar 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 04 GT Vs LSG – Match Report


Gujarat Titans GT began their TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 campaign with a 5-wicket victory against the Lucknow Super Giants LSG on Monday at the Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai.
Mohammad Shami starred with the ball and scalped three wickets before the Titans batters made valuable contributions at the death and held their nerves in a tricky run-chase.
The Gujarat Titans had a tricky start in their attempt to chase a target of 159 as they lost two early wickets. Shubman Gill was dismissed for a duck after the opener was caught by Hooda off Dushmantha Chameera.
The seamer scalped his second wicket by launching the delivery right in the block-hole to dismiss Vijay Shankar. GT skipper – Hardik Pandya got off the mark with a stylish flick towards mid-wicket for four.
Opener - Matthew Wade supported the GT skipper’s attacking display with a sweetly timed four as the Titans were 44-2 at the end of the powerplay.
After a quiet 7thover Pandya clubbed Ravi Bishnoi for a six over long-off. The fifty partnership was up between Pandya and Wade and the Titans were 72-2 at the ten-over mark.
The very next delivery saw the dismissal of the Titans skipper who was caught by Manish Pandey in the deep off Krunal Pandya who won the clash of the Pandya brothers.
Deepak Hooda came in to bowl the 12thover and removed the well-set Wade after the left-handed batter was bamboozled by the spinner’s delivery which crashed the stumps.
The momentum was back with the Super Giants after the next three overs produced only 12 runs. GT were placed at 91-4 with Rahul Tewatia and David Miller at the crease.
However Hooda conceded 22 runs in the next over after both Miller and Tewatia smashed a four and a six each. The next over was no different for LSG as Tewatia continued his fireworks and hammered two fours and a six against Bishnoi.
The Titans required 29 off the last three overs. Miller smacked a maximum straight down the ground but was caught inside the circle on the very next ball off Avesh Khan’s bowling.
Abhinav Sadarangani who was the next man in smacked three valuable fours with eleven required off the final over. Tewatia wrapped up the chase with a four towards the off-side and the Titans won the game with 2 balls to spare.
Earlier the Lucknow Super Giants were put in to bat first at the Wankhede. The LSG skipper – KL Rahul was caught behind on the very first delivery courtesy of a peach from Mohammed Shami who was spot-on with his execution.
Evin Lewis who was the next man in got things going with a four down the leg side. It was Shami’s express pace once again that castled the stumps of Quinton de Kock as the LSG openers were back in the hut inside the powerplay.
Varun Aaron entered the wicket-takers club thanks to a sensational running catch in the outfield by Shubman Gill to dismiss Lewis.
Pressure further increased on the Super Giants after Shami claimed his third wicket and disturbed the timber to dismiss Manish Pandey in the fifth over. LSG were struggling at the end of powerplay with a total of 32-4.
Deepak Hooda and Ayush Badoni who were the two new batters began the rebuilding phase for LSG in the middle overs. Hooda played a release shot for a four off the bowling of Hardik Pandya in the 9thover.
Hooda began to accelerate after the 12thover and dispatched two fours and a six against the bowling of Aaron with a mission of lifting LSG to a competitive total.
The right-handed batter notched up a half-century in the next over after smashing a maximum against Rashid Khan.
19 runs came off the 15thover after young Badoni hammered a six and two fours against the opposition skipper while Hooda finished the over with a boundary.
Badoni smacked another six off Rashid Khan but the spinner bounced back into the game with the wicket of the dangerous-looking Hooda who was dismissed for 55.
Krunal Pandya who was the next man in creamed two consecutive fours in the 18thover while Badoni wrapped up Shami’s over with a flick for four.
Badoni brought up his maiden half-century in the IPL in style with a maximum against Lockie Ferguson in the penultimate over. The right-handed batter was caught in the final over but the Super Giants ended with a competitive total of 158-6 on board in the first innings.
Brief ScoresGujarat Titans161/5 Rahul Tewatia 40* Hardik Pandya 33 Dushmantha Chameera 2-22beat Lucknow Super Giants158/6 Deepak Hooda 55 Ayush Badoni 54 Mohammed Shami 3-25by 5 wickets.

Date 27 Mar 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 03 PBKS  vs RCB – Match Report


Punjab Kings PBKS registered their first victory in the TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 with a 5-wicket win against the Royal Challengers Bangalore RCB on Sunday at the DY Patil Stadium in Navi Mumbai.
A captain’s knock from Faf du Plessis turned out to be in a losing cause as a complete batting effort from the Punjab Kings powered them to a victory in a high-scoring thriller.
Chasing a gigantic total of 205/2 PBKS openers – Shikhar Dhawan joined by skipper Mayank Agarwal responded in a strong fashion and added 28 runs in the first three overs.
Both Dhawan and Mayank were off to fine starts after they smacked 15 runs off the fifth over bowled by David Willey. Dhawan’s exquisite strokes added two fours to the total while the PBKS skipper executed the upper cut to perfection for a maximum.
At the end of powerplay the Punjab Kings were cruising at 64/0. Wanindu Hasaranga proved to be the man for RCB as the right-arm spinner struck in the first delivery of his spell to claim the price wicket of the PBKS skipper.
Dhawan was joined by Bhanuka Rajapaksa who immediately got into the act by striking two sixes and a four and the Punjab Kings brought their hundred up in the 11thover.
Rajapaksa caused further damage to the RCB bowlers and raced to 33 off just 15 deliveries. However Harshal Patel brought RCB back to the game by scalping the wicket of Dhawan who ended with a score of 43 29.
Rajapaksa continued his free-flowing innings and was well supported by Livingstone who clubbed a mammoth six straight down the ground in the 13thover.
Mohammed Siraj pulled things back for RCB by striking twice in consecutive deliveries to dismiss the well-set Rajapaksa and debutant Raj Bawa.
Livingstone added another huge six to the total but was caught by Anuj Rawat who tooka fantastic running catch in the outfield.
With the equation down to 50 off the final five overs Shahrukh Khan who was joined by Odean Smith released the pressure with a straight six in the 16thover.
Odean Smith was dropped in the 17thover before the right-handed batter smacked 25 runs off the 18thover and displayed his power-hitting ability with three massive sixes and a four.
The Punjab Kings wrapped up the chase in style with an over to spare as Shahrukh Khan provided the finishing touch in the 19thover against Harshal Patel.
Earlier RCB who were put in to bat first were led by a new captain – Faf du Plessis. Anuj Rawat joined the skipper to open the innings and the challengers were off to a glittering start.
Rawat smacked the first maximum of the innings in the third over by charging down the track facing Sandeep Sharma. Du Plessis got an early reprieve after the RCB skipper was dropped at short mid-wicket.
Rawat finished the powerplay by scoring consecutive fours and the Royal Challengers were 41/0 at the end of first six overs. Rahul Chahar came to bowl straight after powerplay and bamboozled Rawat who was dismissed for 21.
The current RCB skipper was joined by the former as the duo kept the scoreboard ticking. Virat Kohli smoked a maximum over long-on against Harpreet Brar in order to up the scoring rate.
The Royal Challengers were placed at 70/1 at the halfway mark with two set batters at the crease. With pressure mounting on du Plessis targeted Livingstone and tonked the spinner for a maximum straight down the ground.
Both Kohli and du Plessis switched gears and hammered 23 runs off the 13thover bowled by Odean Smith which included two fours and as many sixes.
The explosive batting continued for the experienced duo as they collectively clobbered three sixes in the 14thover bowled by Harpreet Brar.
RCB were placed at 142-1 at the 15-over mark and the hundred partnership was up for the second wicket between du Plessis and Kohli.
The RCB skipper clubbed two sixes and a four before he was caught in the deep off Arshdeep’s bowling ending a fine knock of 88.
Dinesh Karthik who joined Kohli in the middle provided the perfect finishing touch to an already dangerous-looking total. The wicketkeeperbattersmacked two sixes and a four in the penultimate over bowled by Odean Smith.
Karthik finished things off in style with a maximum followed by two fours in the final over as RCB posted a mammoth total of 205/2 in the first innings.
Brief Scores Punjab Kings 208/5 Bhanuka Rajapaksa 43 Shikhar Dhawan 43 Mohammed Siraj 2-59 beat Royal Challengers Bangalore 205/2 Faf du Plessis 88 Virat Kohli 41* Rahul Chahar 1-22 by 6 wickets.

Date 27 Mar 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 02 DC vs MI – Match Report


Delhi Capitals DC started their TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 campaign with a 4-wicket win against the Mumbai Indians MI on Sunday at the Brabourne Stadium in Mumbai.
Kuldeep Yadav shined with the ball with figures of 3/18 before late exploits from Lalit Yadav and Axar Patel helped DC chase down a competitive target of 178.
Chasing a challenging total of 178 DC openers – Prithvi Shaw and Tim Seifert got off to a compelling start with Seifert doing the majority of the hitting. The right-handed batter came out with a fearless approach while facing the opening attack of MI composed of Daniel Sams and Jasprit Bumrah.
Shaw did not take too long to get going as the opener clubbed a massive six against Basil Thampi in the third over.
Murugan Ashwin drew MI back to the game after striking twice in the fourth over. While Seifert was castled by a quick delivery from the spinner Mandeep Singh – the next man in went without scoring after getting caught inside the circle.
DC skipper – Rishabh Pant was the next man to depart after the left-handed batter tried to clear Tymal Mills in the fifth over but ended up getting caught by the third man.
The Delhi Capitals were placed at 46-3 at the end of powerplay. Shaw who was joined by Lalit Yadav in the middle managed to draw the momentum back to DC after creaming two fours in the seventh over.
Basil Thampi came back to bowl the second over of his spell and scalped two huge wickets in one over. The dangerous-looking Shaw was caught by the wicketkeeper – Ishan Kishan while Rovman Powell was dismissed for a duck after getting caught in the deep.
Shardul Thakur and Lalit Yadav stitched together a steady partnership of 32 runs before Thampi scalped his third wicket of the innings to dismiss Thakur who was caught inside the circle.
The equation came down to 56 runs required off the final five overs for DC with Lalit Yadav and Axar Patel at the crease.
The duo smashed 15 runs off the next over by Bumrah which helped the Delhi Capitals get even closer to the target.
With 28 runs required from the final three overs Axar Patel and Lalit Yadav carried on the momentum and hammered 24 runs off the penultimate over bowled by Daniel Sams including three mammoth sixes and one four.
With just four runs required Axar Patel finished things off in style with a four to get DC over the line.
Earlier MI who were put in to bat first got off to the mark in style after skipper Rohit Sharma struck a four and six each in the first over bowled by Shardul Thakur.
Ishan Kishan aided the MI skipper in getting the team off to a positive start with aggressive strokes at the top facing DC’s opening attack of Shardul Thakur and Khaleel Ahmed.
16 runs came off the fifth over bowled by Kamlesh Nagarkoti and the MI openers remained unbeaten at the end of powerplay. The Mumbai Indians were placed at 53/0 after the first six overs after the openers continued to mount pressure on the DC bowling attack.
DC spinners – Kuldeep Yadav and Axar Patel took charge of the proceedings to combat the aggressive batting display of Rohit and Kishan.
Kuldeep provided the opening breakthrough for the Capitals in the form of MI skipper Rohit Sharma after the right-handed batter was caught at deep mid-wicket.
While Kishan was making the most of the aggressive start at one end Kuldeep scalped his second wicket of the innings after Anmolpreet Singh miscued a shot that went straight to long-off.
Tilak Verma joined Kishan out in the middle and hammered a six followed by a couple of fours as 13 runs came off the 13thover bowled by Nagarkoti.
Khaleel Ahmed was introduced back into the attack and the left-arm pacer brought an end to a short but impressive innings from Tilak Verma who was caught in the deep for 22.
At the end of the 15-over mark MI were placed at 118-3. Kuldeep Yadav struck again as the left-arm spinner claimed his third wicket by dismissing the ever-dangerous Keiron Pollard.
Ishan Kishan however was going solid at one end and notched up his first half-century of the season in style with a maximum.
Tim David who was the next man in joined the party and clubbed a six straight down the ground in the eighteenth over bowled by Shardul before the right-handed batter was caught in the penultimate over off the bowling of Khaleel Ahmed.
18 runs came off the final over thanks to a six over long-off by Daniel Sams followed by a couple of fours by Kishan as MI ended their innings with a total of 177-5 on board.
Brief ScoresDelhi Capitals179/6 Lalit Yadav 48* Axar Patel 38 Basil Thampi 3/35beatMumbai Indians 177-5 Ishan Kishan 81* Rohit Sharma 41 Kuldeep Yadav 3/18by 4 wickets.

Date 26 Mar 2022

TATA IPL 2022 Match 01 CSK vs KKR – Match Report


Kolkata Knight Riders KKR kicked off their TATA Indian Premier League IPL 2022 campaign with a 6-wicket win against the Chennai Super Kings CSK on Saturday at the Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai.
An impressive all-round bowling effort helped KKR to restrict CSK to a total of 131/5 before crucial innings from Ajinkya Rahane and Shreyas Iyer made it a convincing chase for KKR with one over to spare.Chasing a target of 132 KKR openers – Venkatesh Iyer and Ajinkya Rahane – got off to a watchful start scoring 15 in the first three overs.Rahane with his sublime timing smacked the first six of the innings off the fourth over bowled by Adam Milne followed by a couple of boundaries in the next over bowled by Tushar Deshpande. The right-handed batter kept doing the majority of hitting as KKR were placed at 43-0 at the end of the powerplay.Venkatesh Iyer was caught behind off Dwayne Bravo who struck immediately after being introduced into the attack in the seventh over.Nitish Rana who was the next man in hit two fours as 15 runs were conceded off the eighth over bowled by Shivam Dube. Rana carried the momentum into the next over and smacked a maximum off Mitchell Santner over mid-wicket.CSK bounced back by picking two wickets in quick succession. Bravo scalped his second wicket in form of the dangerous-looking Rana and Santner dismissed the well-set Rahane who was dismissed for 44.KKR were 98/3 at the end of 14 overs with the asking rate less than six and two new batsmen at the crease – Sam Billings and KKR’s new skipper Shreyas Iyer.Both Billings and captain Iyer scored steadily playing risk-free cricket and kept mounting the pressure. With KKR needing less than 10 runs to cross the finish line CSK brought Bravo back into the attack and the right-arm pacer picked his third wicket of the match to dismiss Billings.KKR skipper then finished things off with a boundary as his side successfully chased down the target with an over to spare. Earlier CSK who were put into bat first and led by newly-appointed captain Ravindra Jadeja lost an early wicket in the form of Ruturaj Gaikwad. The right-hander edged the new ball to Nitish Rana at slips against Umesh Yadav.Robin Uthappa who was the next man in smashed the first six of the season using the pace of Yadav followed by another maximum against Shivam Mavi. However Yadav came back into the game by scalping his second wicket and sending Devon Conway back to the pavilion.At the end of the powerplay CSK were 35/2 and Uthappa was joined by Ambati Rayudu who stylishly lofted one over cover for a six. Varun Chakaravarthy joined the fray to get rid of Uthappa after the right-hander was stumped for 28.CSK lost another quick wicket in the process after a mix-up in the middle meant Rayudu was run-out for 15.CSK were 57/4 at the halfway mark and found themselves in further trouble after Shivam Dube mistimed a delivery by Andre Russell and was caught in the covers. Skipper Jadeja was joined by MS Dhoni out in the middle as the duo steadied the innings with an aim of advancing towards a competitive total.Dhoni accelerated at the death and creamed three boundaries in the eighteenth over bowled by Andre Russell. The former skipper continued the exploits and smacked a four and six each in the penultimate over bowled by Mavi.The bottom hand of the former CSK skipper was on full display as MSD brought up his fifty in the final over striking two boundaries and Jadeja finished the innings off in style with a maximum as the Super Kings finished with a total of 131/5.Brief ScoresKolkata Knight Riders 133/4 Ajinkya Rahane 44 Sam Billings 25 Dwayne Bravo 3/20 beat Chennai Super Kings 131/5 MS Dhoni 50* Robin Uthappa 28 Umesh Yadav 2-20 by 6 wickets.

Date 15 Oct 2021

VIVO IPL 2021 Final CSK vs KKR – Match Report


2010 2011 2018 & 2021
Make that four
The MS Dhoni-led Chennai Super Kings CSK beat Kolkata Knight Riders KKR in the VIVO Indian Premier League IPL 2021 final in Dubai on Friday and lifted their fourth IPL title.
CSK who posted 192/3 on the board on the back of Faf du Plessis’ brilliant 86 restricted KKR to 165/9 and sealed a 27-run win.
In the chase Shubman Gill creamed a four on the first legitimate delivery. Venkatesh Iyer then enjoyed a stroke of luck as MS Dhoni could not complete the catch in the second over.
The left-hander then took the attack to CSK bowlers hitting three fours and a six by the end of the fourth over. The KKR opening pair continued their impressive run of form and powered the team to 55/0 after 6 overs.
While CSK looked to keep things tight Iyer and Gill scored 16 runs in the 10th over – an over which saw Iyer completing his fourth fifty of the season and a spider-cam string coming to Gill’s rescue – to KKR to 88/0.
CSK then struck thrice in quick succession to change the course of the match. First Shardul Thakur dismissed Venkatesh Iyer courtesy a brilliant catch in the deep by Ravindra Jadeja and Nitish Rana thanks to a good low catch by du Plessis in the 11th over.
In the next over Josh Hazlewood got Sunil Narine out as Jadeja took a fine catch near the ropes helping CSK scalp three wickets for nine runs.
While Gill brought up a solid half-century CSK continued to chip away as Deepak Chahar trapped the KKR right-hander before the wickets in the 14th over. Jadeja then bowled a double-wicket over dismissing Dinesh Karthik and Shakib Al Hasan to push KKR on the backfoot.
Shardul picked his third wicket dismissing Rahul Tripathi while Hazlewood scalped his second wicket of the match as Chahar took a superb catch near the ropes to get Eoin Morgan out in the 17th over.
Although Shivam Mavi and Lockie Ferguson added 39 runs it was too little too late as CSK went on to seal a fine win to clinch their fourth IPL title.
Earlier KKR who elected to bowl and CSK remained unchanged.
Shakib Al Hasan and Shivam Mavi kept things tight in the first two overs and were almost rewarded with the wicket of du Plessis in the third over. But Dinesh Karthik could not collect the ball cleanly and du Plessis got a life. Meanwhile Ruturaj Gaikwad creamed a four and a six in the same over to get CSK on the move.
du Plessis and Ruturaj hit a four each in the next over before going on to complete another fifty-run partnership on the final ball of the powerplay. But 11 runs later KKR managed to break the opening stand as Sunil Narine dismissed Gaikwad as Shivam Mavi took the catch in the deep.
But CSK went after Shakib in the 10th over as du Plessis and Robin Uthappa hit a six each as CSK moved to 80/1 at the halfway stage of their innings. The two went after the KKR bowling and completed a fifty-run merely in 25 deliveries. Meanwhile du Plessis who was playing his 100th IPL game brought up his 22nd IPL half-century.
Narine once again came to KKR’s rescue as he trapped Uthappa before the wickets to give Eoin Morgan and Co. their second wicket.
However CSK continued to chip away as du Plessis continued to make merry with Moeen Ali for the company. The pair cashed in on all the scoring opportunities and targeted the KKR bowling to bring the third successive fifty-plus stand for CSK in the final.
While du Plessis got out on the final ball of the innings after scoring a fantastic 86 he and Moeen who scored a quickfire 37* off 20 balls scored 61 runs in the last five overs to push CSK to 192/3.
Brief Scores Chennai Super Kings 192/3 Faf du Plessis 86 Moeen Ali 37* Sunil Narine 2/26 beat Kolkata Knight Riders 165/9 Shubman Gill 51 Venkatesh Iyer 50 Shardul Thakur 3/38 by 27 runs.

Date 13 Oct 2021

VIVO IPL 2021 Qualifier 2 KKR vs DC – Match Report


The pendulum swung dramatically as the things neared the end but Kolkata Knight Riders KKR held their nerve and beat the spirited Delhi Capitals DC in Qualifier 2 of the VIVO Indian Premier League IPL 2021 in Sharjah on Wednesday and set up the blockbuster final showdown against the MS Dhoni-led Chennai Super Kings which will take place in Dubai on Friday.
Needing 136 runs to win KKR were off to a brisk start courtesy Shubman Gill and Venkatesh Iyer. The pair cashed in on all the scoring opportunities and took KKR to 51/0 at the end of the powerplay.
The two continued to build on to the solid start and added 25 runs more in the next four overs as KKR moved to 76/0 at the halfway stage. Two overs later Iyer brought up his fifty – third of the season.
DC though managed to get Iyer out in the next over just when he and Gill were inching closer to a hundred-run stand. While Nitish Rana and Gill added 27 runs together DC continued to put in a fight and scalped three wickets conceding just three runs as KKR moved from 123/1 to 126/4 at the end of the 18th over – an over where Kagiso Rabada conceded just a run and picked up a wicket.
Anrich Nortje then had the better of Eoin Morgan in the penultimate over as DC pushed KKR to score 7 runs in the final over.
Ashwin then scalped two wickets dismissing Shakib Al Hasan and Sunil Narine – in the first four balls of the last over. However with 6 runs to get from the last 2 balls Rahul Tripathi creamed a maximum to help KKR seal a place in the final.
Earlier KKR who elected to bowl remained unchanged while DC brought in Marcus Stoinis in place of Tom Curran.
KKR made a tight start as Shakib Al Hasan bowled one-run over before Lockie Ferguson conceded just fours in the second over. Prithvi Shaw though took on Shakib in the third over creaming a six and a four as DC scored 12 runs in the over.
Shikhar Dhawan then tonked two maximums in Sunil Narine’s first over as DC moved to 32/0 after four overs. However Varun Chakaravarthy’s introduction into the attack gave KKR their first breakthrough as the spinner dismissed Shaw.
Stoinis replaced Shaw in the middle and he and Dhawan took DC past fifty in the eighth over. KKR though kept things tight and were rewarded with the second DC wickets when Shivam Mavi disturbed the timber to get Stoinis out in the 12th over.
Three overs later Chakaravarthy picked his second wicket as Shakib took a fine catch to dismiss Dhawan for 36. Ferguson then had the better of DC skipper Rishabh Pant in the 16th over as Rahul Tripathi completed the catch.
Shimron Hetmyer got a life even in the next over as Gill put in a sensational effort in the deep as Chakaravarthy overstepped by the slightest of margins. The left-hander made the most of it hammering two sixes in the next over.
While he was run-out in the penultimate over Iyer who scored an unbeaten 30 – a knock which included a last-ball six took DC to 135/5.
Brief Scores Kolkata Knight Riders 136/7 Venkatesh Iyer 55 Shubman Gill 46 Kagiso Rabada 2/23 beat Delhi Capitals 135/5 Shikhar Dhawan 36 Shreyas Iyer 30* Varun Chakaravarthy 2/26 by 3 wickets.

Date 11 Oct 2021

VIVO IPL 2021 Eliminator RCB vs KKR – Match Report


Sunil Narine starred with the ball and bat as Kolkata Knight Riders KKR beat Royal Challengers Bangalore RCB in Eliminator of the VIVO Indian Premier League IPL 2021 in Sharjah on Monday.
The Eoin Morgan-led unit will now square off against Rishabh Pant’s Delhi Capitals in Qualifier 2 and the winner of that match will take on Chennai Super Kings in the summit clash.
After limiting RCB to 138/7 KKR made a brisk start as Shubman Gill and Venkatesh Iyer cashed in on the scoring opportunities and took KKR past the 40-run mark. However Harshal Patel’s introduction in the final over of the powerplay gave RCB their first breakthrough as he got Gill out for 29.
Two overs later Yuzvendra Chahal trapped Rahul Tripathi before the wickets. Harshal then picked up his 32nd wicket of the season as he had Iyer caught behind the wickets.
KKR then promoted Narine up the order and he hammered 3 sixes on the first legal deliveries he faced and helped KKR zoom past hundred.
RCB though continued to fight hard as Chahal had Rana in the 15th over before Mohammed Siraj’s double-wicket 18th over – where he dismissed Narine and Dinesh Karthik – took the things right down to the wire.
Captain Eoin Morgan and Shakib Al Hasan though held their nerve and took KKR home with two balls to spare.
Earlier RCB who elected to bat and KKR both retained the same playing XIs which took the field in their respective last games.
RCB were quick off the blocks courtesy captain Virat Kohli and Devdutt Padikkal. While Kohli creamed three fours in the first two overs Padikkal hit two fours in the fourth before RCB moved to 49/0 at the end of five overs.
KKR struck on the first ball of the sixth over as Lockie Ferguson dismissed Padikkal after the left-hander dragged one back onto the stumps.
While Kohli survived a close run-out thanks to his brilliant dive and KS Bharat got a reprieve in the eighth over KKR struck in the 10th over as Sunil Narine picked a wicket in his first over dismissing KS Bharat.
Then Narine landed two massive blows in his next two overs. First he disturbed the timber to get Kohli out for 39 and then bamboozled AB de Villiers to pick his third wicket pushing RCB on the backfoot.
Narine continued to make merry and KKR continued to dominate the proceedings as Glenn Maxwell was dismissed in the 17th over.
KKR continued to keep RCB in check and limited them to 138/7.
Brief Scores Kolkata Knight Riders 139/6 Shubman Gill 29 Sunil Narine 26 Yuzvendra Chahal 2/16 beat Royal Challengers Bangalore 138/7 Virat Kohli 39 Devdutt Padikkal 21 Sunil Narine 4/21 by 4 wickets.

Date 10 Oct 2021

VIVO IPL 2021 Qualifier 1 DC vs CSK – Match Report


A vintage MS Dhoni finish made its presence felt as Chennai Super Kings CSK beat Delhi Capitals DC by four wickets in Qualifier 1 in Dubai and became the first team to reach the VIVO Indian Premier League IPL 2021 final.
Meanwhile DC will now take on the winners of the Royal Challengers Bangalore RCB and Kolkata Knight Riders KKR in Eliminator for a place in the summit clash.
Needing 173 runs to win CSK lost Faf du Plessis as Anrich Nortje disturbed the timber in the first over.
From thereon though it was all Ruturaj Gaikwad and Robin Uthappa show. While Gaikwad welcomed Kagiso Rabada into the attack with a six in the fourth over Uthappa turned the clock back and went 6 4 6 4 against Avesh Khan as CSK zoomed to 59/1 after 6 overs.
The pair continued its good work and Uthappa brought up a superb fifty in the 10th over. The pair completed a hundred-run stand in the 13th over as CSK moved to 111/1.
However just when it looked that CSK were dominating the proceedings DC pulled things back. First a double-wicket 13th over from Tom Curran helped DC see the back of Robin Uthappa and Shardul Thakur. Shreyas Iyer took both the catches and then along with Rabada pulled off a sensational run-out to dismiss Ambati Rayudu in the 15th over.
Ruturaj who completed yet another fifty in the season and Moeen Ali scored 28 runs in the next three overs as CSK moved to 149/4 after 18 overs.
However Ruturaj after scoring 70 got out on the first ball of the penultimate over. But Moeen who hit a four and captain Dhoni who tonked a maximum on the second ball he faced kept CSK in the hunt.
While Tom Curran’s slower one did Moeen in Dhoni hit three fours and scored an unbeaten 18 off 6 balls to power CSK to their ninth IPL final.
Earlier unchanged CSK elected to bowl against DC who brought in Tom Curran in place of Ripal Patel.
Prithvi Shaw played his shots as DC zoomed to 32/0 after three overs with the right-hander scoring 29 of those runs. However CSK struck in the fourth over as Josh Hazlewood dismissed Shikhar Dhawan. The right-arm pacer got his second of the match as he got Shreyas Iyer out in the final over of the powerplay.
Shaw continued his merry ways and brought up a 27-ball half-century in the ninth over. CSK though picked the three DC wickets as Moeen dismissed Axar Patel who was caught in the deep in the 10th over.
Shaw was the next man to get out as Ravindra Jadeja had Shaw caught in the deep after the right-hander had scored 60.
DC were looking for a solid partnership and captain Rishabh Pant and Shimron Hetmyer rose to the occasion. The duo who joined forces in the 11th over added 83 runs together.
The two kept the scorecard ticking and took DC past 100 in the 14th over as Hetmyer creamed a six off Moeen. The DC captain hit his first maximum – a one-handed six – of the night in the 16th over before the pair completed the 50-run stand in the next over. Rishabh and Hetmyer hit a four each in the 18th over as DC moved past 150.
While Hetmyer got out in the penultimate over Rishabh went on to complete a fine last-ball half-century to guide DC to 172/5.
Brief Scores Chennai Super Kings 173/6 Ruturaj Gaikwad 70 Robin Uthappa 63 Tom Curran 3/29 beat Delhi Capitals 172/5 Prithvi Shaw 60 Rishabh Pant 51* Josh Hazlewood 2/29 by 4 wickets.

Date 08 Oct 2021

VIVO IPL 2021 Match 56 RCB vs DC – Match Report


KS Bharat held his nerve and cranked a last-ball six as Royal Challengers Bangalore RCB edged out Delhi Capitals DC in Match 56 of the VIVO Indian Premier League IPL 2021 in Dubai on Friday.
Needing 165 runs to win RCB rode on KS Bharat’s 78* off 52 and Glenn Maxwell’s 33-ball 51* and sealed a seven-wicket win in the final league-stage encounter.
RCB did not enjoy a great start as Anrich Nortje got Devdutt Padikkal out in the first over and then followed it up with a big wicket of Virat Kohli in the third over reducing RCB to 6/2.
RCB needed a rebuilding job and that’s what KS Bharat and AB de Villiers did. The two added a solid 49-run stand to push RCB past fifty. However Axar Patel dismissed AB de Villiers in the 10th over for 26.
Maxwell then joined Bharat in the middle and the pair kept the scorecard ticking. While DC had a few chances to dismiss Maxwell they could not make the most of those opportunities and Maxwell cashed in.
The right-hander got two reprieves in the 14th over which also saw him hit two fours before he and Bharat completed a vital fifty-run stand helping RCB cross the three figures in the 15th over.
In the next over the RCB wicketkeeper-batsman brought up his maiden IPL fifty. The pair continued its good work with the bat as RCB moved to 146/3 after 18 overs needing 19 runs from the final two overs to seal a win.
Nortje then bowled a brilliant 4-run penultimate over meaning RCB had to score 15 runs in the final over.
Maxwell hit six runs off the first balls of the last over – bowled by Avesh Khan – and in that process brought up his sixth fifty of the season. However RCB could only 3 runs off the next 3 legitimate deliveries.
With RCB needing 6 runs off the last legitimate delivery Avesh bowled a wide ball. KS Bharat then kept his calm and dispatched a six off the final and helped RCB seal a stunning win in Dubai.
Earlier unchanged RCB elected to bowl against DC who also retained the same playing XI which took the field in the last game.
DC made a solid start courtesy the opening pair of Shikhar Dhawan and Prithvi Shaw. The two cashed in on every scoring opportunity as DC posted 55 runs on the board in the powerplay.
The duo added 33 runs in the next four overs and took DC to 88/0 at the halfway stage of their innings.
However RCB broke the partnership as Harshal Patel dismissed Dhawan for 43 in the 11th over. Yuzvendra Chahal and Dan Christian struck in the next two overs. While Chahal got Shaw out for 48 Christian had the better of Rishabh Pant.
Shreyas Iyer and Shimron Hetmyer then helped DC cross the 140-run mark before the right-hander got out for 18 off Mohammed Siraj in the 18th over. Hetmyer meanwhile scored a brisk 29 off 22 balls as DC posted 164/5 on the board.
Brief Scores Royal Challengers Bangalore 166/3 KS Bharat 78* Glenn Maxwell 51* Anrich Nortje 2/24 beat Delhi Capitals 164/5 Prithvi Shaw 48 Shikhar Dhawan 43 Mohammed Siraj 2/25 by 7 wickets.

Date 08 Oct 2021

VIVO IPL 2021 Match 55 SRH vs MI – Match Report


Mumbai Indians MI ended their VIVO Indian Premier League IPL 2021 campaign on a high as they beat Sunrisers Hyderabad SRH by 42 runs in Match 55 in Abu Dhabi on Friday.
Ishan Kishan and Suryakumar Yadav hammered 84 and 82 respectively and set up MI’s win.
Chasing 236 SRH were quick off the blocks as the opening pair of Jason Roy and Abhishek Sharma put up a 64-run stand. However MI managed to strike in the powerplay as Trent Boult dismissed Roy for 34.
SRH lost three more wickets for 36 runs as Jimmy Neesham and Piyush Chawala shared the spoils dismissing Abhishek Mohammad Nabi and Abdul Samad.
Priyam Garg and Manish Pandey who was captaining the side in absence of Kane Williamson then added 56 runs together before Garg got out. While Manish who had to bat through the cramps scored a fine half-century on captaincy debut MI restricted SRH to 193/8.
Earlier MI who needed at least a 171-run win to qualify for the playoffs came out all guns blazing with the bat as Ishan Kishan tonked a six on the second ball of the innings and then creamed four fours in the second over bowled by Siddarth Kaul.
The left-hander continued to tonk the ball all around the park and went on to complete the fastest fifty of the VIVO IPL 2021 as he raced past fifty in 16 balls. While MI lost Rohit in the final over of the powerplay – courtesy an excellent catch from Mohammad Nabi off Rashid Khan the team zoomed towards 83 courtesy Ishan’s onslaught.
Ishan and Hardik Pandya who had replaced Rohit in the middle hit a six each in the eighth over as MI moved to 112/1.
But SRH pulled things back a bit as Jason Holder and Umran Malik dismissed Hardik and Ishan who hammered 84 off 32 balls in the 9th and 10th over respectively. Three overs later Abhishek Sharma in his double-wicket over got Kieron Pollard and Jimmy Neesham out.
From thereon it was all a Suryakumar show. The stylish right-hander mixed innovation with power-hitting and creamed 13 fours and 3 sixes to hammer 82 off 40 balls to power MI to 235/9.
Brief Scores Mumbai Indians 235/9 Ishan Kishan 84 Suryakumar Yadav 82 Jason Holder 4/52 beat Sunrisers Hyderabad 193/8 Manish Pandey 69 Jason Roy 34 Jasprit Bumrah 2/39 by 42 runs.

Date 07 Oct 2021

VIVO IPL 2021 Match 54 KKR vs RR – Match Report


Kolkata Knight Riders KKR ran riot with the ball and beat Rajasthan Royals RR in Match 54 of the VIVO Indian Premier League IPL 2021 in Sharjah on Thursday.
Put into bat KKR posted 171/4 and then bowled out RR for 85 to register their seventh win of the season. While young Shivam Mavi scalped four wickets Lockie Ferguson picked three wickets as KKR marched towards the victory.
KKR made early inroads with the ball as Shakib Al Hasan and Shivam Mavi struck in their respective first overs. While Shakib dismissed Yashasvi Jaiswal Mavi had the better of Sanju Samson.
Fergsuon then bowled a double-wicket fourth over dismissing Liam Livingstone and Anuj Rawat to reduce RR to 13/4. KKR continued to chip away as Mavi in the eight over scalped the wickets of Glenn Phillips and Shivam Dube.
In the ninth over RR lost their wicket with only 35 runs on the board as Varun Chakaravarthy got Chris Morris out LBW.
While Rahul Tewatia showed some fight & scored 44 KKR bowled RR out for 85 to bag two points.
Earlier batting first KKR made a watchful and solid start as the opening pair of Shubman Gill and Venkatesh Iyer laid a foundation with a 76-run stand.
Tewatia then provided RR a much-needed breakthrough as he dismissed Iyer for 38 in the 11th over. While Nitish Rana was quick to get off the blocks he got in the next over.
Rahul Tripathi then joined Gill who brought up his second successive fifty in the middle. The two added 41 runs together before Gill after scoring 56 was dismissed by Chris Morris.
Tripathi fell soon after as Chetan Sakariya disturbed the timber to scalp his first wicket of the match. Captain Eoin Morgan and wicketkeeper Dinesh Karthik then put on an unbroken 26-run stand as KKR posted a formidable 171/4 total on the board.
Brief Scores Kolkata Knight Riders 171/4 Shubman Gill 56 Venkatesh Iyer 38 Chetan Sakariya 1/23 beat Rajasthan Royals 85 Rahul Tewatia 44 Shivam Dube 18 Shivam Mavi 4/21 by 86 runs.

Date 07 Oct 2021

VIVO IPL 2021 Match 53 CSK vs PBKS – Match Report


Captain KL Rahul set the stage on fire with the bat as Punjab Kings PBKS beat Chennai Super Kings CSK by six wickets in Match 53 of the VIVO Indian Premier League IPL 2021 in Abu Dhabi on Thursday.
The right-hander hammered an unbeaten 98 off 42 balls hitting 7 fours and 8 sixes as PBKS who needed 135 runs to win chased down the target in 13 overs.
In the chase PBKS were quick off the blocks in the chase as captain KL Rahul cut loose and powered his side to 42/0 after 4 overs scoring 33 off those runs in 15 balls.
However Shardul Thakur’s double-wicket over helped CSK see the back of Mayank Agarwal and Sarfaraz Khan.
Rahul though continued to target CSK bowlers and went on to complete a sensational 25-ball fifty. While PBKS lost Shahrukh Khan in the ninth over Rahul continued making merry playing some jaw-dropping shots.
The PBKS captain added 46 runs with Aiden Markram before the South African got out in the 13th over. However Rahul finished things off in style creaming a six and took PBKS home.
Earlier CSK who were put into bat remained unchanged while PBKS brought in Chris Jordan in place of Nicholas Pooran.
PBKS kept things tight with the ball and were rewarded with the wicket of Ruturaj Gaikwad as Arshdeep Singh struck in the fourth over. Arshdeep and PBKS scalped the second CSK wicket in the powerplay as Moeen Ali got out in the sixth over.
Jordan then picked two wickets in his first two overs as Harpreet Brar and Arshdeep took two excellent catches to get Robin Uthappa and Ambati Rayudu out to reduce CSK to 42/4.
In the 12th over after being hit for a four Ravi Bishnoi dismissed MS Dhoni as CSK lost their fifth wicket with 61 runs on the board.
While the wickets continued to fall at the other end Faf du Plessis stayed put and continued to a fine job with the ball after Dhoni’s dismissal. The right-hander was joined by Ravindra Jadeja in the middle and the pair did a fine rebuilding job for CSK adding 67 runs together.
The pair kept the scorecard ticking and made sure CSK approached a respectable total. While Faf completed a well-compiled half-century in the 18th over CSK also moved past hundred in the same over as du Plessis creamed two fours to finish the over.
du Plessis then tonked two sixes and a four in the next two overs before getting out in the final over after scoring a vital 76. However his fine hand with the bat guided CSK to 134/6.
Brief Scores Punjab Kings 139/4 KL Rahul 98* Aiden Markram 13 Shardul Thakur 3/28 beat Chennai Super Kings 134/6 Faf du Plessis 76 Ravindra Jadeja 15 Chris Jordan 2/20 Arshdeep Singh 2/35 by 6 wickets.

Date 06 Oct 2021

VIVO IPL 2021 Match 52 RCB vs SRH – Match Report


Sunrisers Hyderabad SRH kept things tight with the ball and held their nerve as they beat Royal Challengers Bangalore RCB by four runs in Match 52 of the VIVO Indian Premier League IPL 2021 in Abu Dhabi on Wednesday.
Needing 142 runs to win RCB captain Virat Kohli set the ball rolling with a crisp four through the off-side. But Bhuvneshwar Kumar struck in the first over and helped SRH take the big wicket for Kohli.
SRH scalped the second RCB wicket in the powerplay as Siddarth Kaul dismissed Dan Christian in the fourth over.
RCB lost their third wicket in the chase in the seventh over as speedster Umran Malik scalped his maiden IPL wicket getting KS Bharat caught behind the stumps.
Glenn Maxwell joined Padikkal in the middle and announced his arrival in style creaming a six off the second ball he faced. The right-hander then took on Rashid Khan in the tenth over hitting the leg-spinner for a four and a six as RCB moved to 67/3 after 10 overs.
Maxwell continued his merry ways while Padikkal batted with caution as the pair completed a vital fifty-run stand to push RCB past 90.
SRH needed something special to break the partnership and Williamson did just that as his direct hit ended Maxwell’s 25-ball 40-run blitz. In the 17th over Rashid had the better of Padikkal who got out for 41.
While Shahbaz Ahmed hit a couple of overs SRH managed to stay in the hunt pushing RCB to score 13 runs in the final over.
Bhuvneshwar Kumar bowled the final over and conceded just 8 runs as SRH sealed a fine win.
Earlier unchanged RCB elected to bowl against SRH who retained the same playing XI. While Abhishek Sharma who opened the innings alongside Jason Roy played a few shots he got out in the second over as George Garton gave RCB their first breakthrough.
Kane Williamson replaced Sharma in the middle and he and Roy kept the scorecard ticking and took the side to 50/1 at the end of the powerplay. The pair completed a vital 50-run stand in the ninth over.
Harshal Patel the Purple Cap-holder broke the Roy-Williamson stand as he dismissed the SRH skipper for 31 in the 12th over. While Priyam Garg and Roy took SRH past hundred RCB scalped three wickets for two runs and reduced SRH to 107/5 from 105/2.
Dan Christian started the SRH fall as he first dismissed Garg and then completed his double-wicket over completing a stunning juggling return catch to get Roy out for 44. Yuzvendra Chahal joined the wicket-taking party as he trapped Abdul Samad before the wickets in the 16th over.
While Wriddhiman Saha and Jason Holder scored 10 and 16 runs respectively RCB went on to limit SRH to 141/7.
Brief Scores Sunrisers Hyderabad 141/7 Jason Roy 44 Kane Williamson 31 Harshal Patel 3/33 beat Royal Challengers Bangalore 137/6 Devdutt Padikkal 41 Glenn Maxwell 40 Umran Malik 1/21 by 4 runs.

Date 05 Oct 2021

VIVO IPL 2021 Match 51 RR vs MI – Match Report


Nathan Coulter-Nile and Jimmy Neesham ran riot with the ball while Ishan Kishan set the stage on fire with a quickfire 50* as Mumbai Indians’ MI secured a dominant eight-wicket win over Rajasthan Royals RR in Match 51 of the VIVO Indian Premier League IPL 2021 in Sharjah on Tuesday.
While Coulter-Nile picked four wickets Neesham scalped three wickets as MI restricted RR to 90/9 and then chased down the target in overs to seal their sixth win of the season.
In the chase MI captain set the ball rolling creaming a four and a six in the first over and then added one more maximum to his account in the third over. However Rohit got out in the fourth over as Chetan Sakariya gave RR their first breakthrough.
Suryakumar Yadav announced his arrival hitting a first-ball four before he and Ishan Kishan who earlier completed 1000 IPL runs for MI hit three fours in the fifth over. While MI moved past fifty in the final over of the powerplay they lost Suryakumar.
Ishan cut loose and did so in some style. The left-hander hammered a four and two sixes in the 8th over and then added a four and six more to his account to notch up his fifty and a sensational win for MI in 8.2 overs.
Earlier RR and MI who elected to bowl made two changes to their teams. While RR brought in Shreyas Gopal and debutant Kuldip Yadav in place of Mayank Markande and Akash Singh MI picked Ishan Kishan and Jimmy Neesham in place of Quinton de Kock and Krunal Pandya.
While Yashasvi Jaiswal and Evin Lewis made a brisk start Nathan Coulter-Nile struck in the fourth over and dismissed Jaiswal to give MI their first breakthrough. Jasprit Bumrah then had the better of Lewis in the final over of the powerplay before Neesham got two wickets in quick succession getting Sanju Samson and Shivam Dube out.
Coulter-Nile then dismissed Glenn Phillips as MI reduced RR to 50/5. Rahul Tewatia and David Miller added 21 runs together. But MI ran through the RR lower middle-order and restricted them to 90/9.
Brief Scores Mumbai Indians 94/2 Ishan Kishan 50* Rohit Sharma 22 Chetan Sakariya 1/36 beat Rajasthan Royals 90/9 Evin Lewis 25 Nathan Coulter-Nile 4/14 Jimmy Neesham 3/12 by 8 wickets.

Date 04 Oct 2021

VIVO IPL 2021 Match 50 DC vs CSK – Match Report


The things went right down to the wire but Delhi Capitals DC managed to hold their nerve and beat Chennai Super Kings CSK by three wickets in Match 50 of the VIVO Indian Premier League IPL 2021 in Dubai on Monday.
Shimron Hetmyer played a fine knock of 28* under pressure as DC with their 10th win of the season moved to the top of the points table.
Earlier in the chase of 137 Prithvi Shaw played some attractive shots before Deepak Chahar struck in the third over to give CSK their first breakthrough.
Shikhar Dhawan though counterattacked as he went after Chahar in the fifth over creaming two fours and as many sixes. But CSK struck back in the final over of the powerplay as Josh Hazlewood dismissed Shreyas Iyer.
While DC skipper Rishabh Pant moved to 15 in no time he got out in the 10th over as Ravindra Jadeja scalped his first wicket. Debutant Ripal Patel and Dhawan then took DC past 90 before Jadeja got Ripal out.
Shardul then bowled a double-wicket 15th over dismissing R Ashwin and Dhawan as CSK reduced DC to 99/6.
Shimron Hetmyer and Axar Patel though kept the DC in the hunt putting up a game-changing 36-run stand. While CSK kept the things tight a dropped catch in the 18th over meant that Hetmyer got a reprieve.
Although Axar Patel got out in the final over DC crossed the finish line with two balls to spare.
CSK who were put in to bat made three changes to their team as Deepak Chahar Dwayne Bravo and Robin Uthappa replaced K M Asif Sam Curran and Suresh Raina in the team. DC on the other hand brought in debutant Ripal Patel in place of Steve Smith.
In the eventful first over which saw a close DRS call for Ruturaj Gaikwad a streaky four a solid cover drive & 16 runs being scored. DC though did not have to wait for too long to scalp the first CSK wicket as Axar Patel dismissed du Plessis in the third over. Two overs later Anrich Nortje got Ruturaj Gaikwad out.
The Rishabh Pant-led unit continued to chip away as Axar and R Ashwin had the better of Moeen Ali and Uthappa respectively to reduce CSK to 62/4.
CSK needed a partnership to rebuild the innings and the duo of Ambati Rayudu and captain MS Dhoni did just that. The pair took the game deep and helped CSK cross the 100-run mark in the 17th over.
The two completed a 50-run stand as Rayudu creamed a four and six off Avesh Khan in the 18th over. Rayudu then added a four and a six more to his account in the penultimate over and brought up a fine half-century before CSK went on to post 136/5 on the board.
Brief Scores Delhi Capitals 139/7 Shikhar Dhawan 39 Shimron Hetmyer 28* Shardul Thakur 2/13 beat Chennai Super Kings 136/5 Ambati Rayudu 55* Robin Uthappa 19 Axar Patel 2/18 by 3 wickets.

Date 03 Oct 2021

VIVO IPL 2021 Match 49 KKR vs SRH – Match Report


Bowlers shared the spoils while Shubman Gill scored 57 as Kolkata Knight Riders KKR beat Sunrisers Hyderabad SRH in Match 49 of the VIVO Indian Premier League in Dubai on Sunday.
After they restricted SRH to 115/8 KKR chased down the target in 19.4 overs to seal their sixth win of the season.
SRH kept the things tight in the ball and it helped them scalp the wicket of Venkatesh Iyer as Kane Williamson took a fine catch off Jason Holder’s bowling in the fifth over. Rashid Khan was introduced into the attack in the seventh over and the leg-spinner struck straightway dismissing Rahul Tripathi.
KKR needed a partnership and that’s what the pair of Gill and Nitish Rana. The two mixed caution and cashed in on every scoring opportunity.
Gill then completed a fine half-century in the 15th over before he and Rana completed a half-century stand in the 16th over. However the two got out in quick succession. While Siddarth Kaul dismissed Gill for 57 Holder picked his second wicket getting Rana out.
Dinesh Karthik who completed 4000 IPL runs and captain Eoin Morgan then took KKR across the finish line.
Earlier after SRH elected to bat KKR set the ball rolling from the word go as Tim Southee dismissed Wriddhiman Saha in the first over. Jason Roy was the next man to get out as Shivam Mavi struck in the fourth over.
While Williamson scored a brisk 26 his innings came to an end following Shakib Al Hasan’s brilliant direct-hit. Shakib then had the better of Abhishek Sharma in the 11th over.
KKR continued to make merry with the ball as Varun Chakaravarthy dismissed Priyam Garg for 21 in the 15th over to reduce SRH to 70/5. KKR continued to chip away and then went on to limit SRH to 115/8.
Brief Scores Kolkata Knight Riders 119/4 Shubman Gill 57 Nitish Rana 25 Jason Holder 2/32 beat Sunrisers Hyderabad 115/8 Kane Williamson 26 Priyam Garg 21 Varun Chakaravarthy 2/26 by 6 wickets.

Date 03 Oct 2021

VIVO IPL 2021 Match 48 RCB vs PBKS – Match Report


The Virat Kohli-led Royal Challengers Bangalore RCB beat Punjab Kings PBKS in Match 48 of the VIVO Indian Premier League IPL 2021 in Sharjah on Sunday and became the third team after Chennai Super Kings and Delhi Capitals to seal a place in the Playoffs.
While Glenn Maxwell starred with the bat Yuzvendra Chahal was the pick of the bowlers as RCB secured a six-run win.
Needing 165 runs to win PBKS skipper KL Rahul and Mayank Agarwal once again put up a fantastic show with the bat. The pair scored at a good click and brought up the fifty-run stand in the seventh over.
Mayank who was batting on 20 from 20 balls at the end of the seventh over started to shift the gears. The right-hander creamed four fours over the course of the next three fours as PBKS reached 81/0 after 10 overs.
Shahbaz Ahmed gave RCB their first success with the ball as he got KL Rahul out for 39 in the 11th over. While Mayank brought up a fine half-century in the 13th over Chahal dismissed Nicholas Pooran as RCB picked the second PBKS wicket.
While Aiden Markram and Mayank pushed PBKS past 110 after 15 overs Chahal in his double-wicket 16th over dismissed Mayank and Sarfaraz Khan to push PBKS on the backfoot. George Garton then had the better of Markram in the 17th over.
While Shahrukh Khan opened his shoulders and hit a couple of big hits it was not enough as RCB went on to beat PBKS by 6 runs.
RCB who were unchanged elected to bat against PBKS who made three changes to their side bringing in Harpreet Brar Sarfaraz Khan and Moises Henriques.
While PBKS conceded just 11 runs in the first two overs Padikkal hit a six and a four in the third over. PBKS then squandered two chances in an over – one stumping against Kohli and one catch to dismiss Padikkal. RCB captain Kohli got another reprieve in the next over after Sarfaraz could not hold onto a sharp catch before RCB ended the powerplay at 55/0.
PBKS started to turn the tide through Henriques. The all-rounder snapped two wickets in the tenth over – his first of the match – dismissing Kohli and Daniel Christian. He then had the better of Padikkal in the 12th over.
Glenn Maxwell though counterattacked. He took on Brar in the 13th over tonking two sixes. In the 15th over Maxwell went after Bishnoi hammering two maximums as RCB moved past 100.
Maxwell and AB de Villiers then targeted Mohammad Shami in the 17th over scoring 17 runs with the help of two fours and a six. The pair brought up a fifty-run stand while Maxwell completed his fifty in the next over.
While ABD cranked a six in the penultimate over he was run-out in the same over courtesy a direct-hit from Sarfaraz. Shami then delivered a three-wicket final over before RCB eventually posted 164/7 on the board.
Brief Scores Royal Challengers Bangalore 164/7 Glenn Maxwell 57 Devdutt Padikkal 40 Moises Henriques 3/12 beat Punjab Kings 158/6 Mayank Agarwal 57 KL Rahul 39 Yuzvendra Chahal 3/29 by 6 runs.

Date 02 Oct 2021

VIVO IPL 2021 Match 47 RR vs CSK – Match Report


Yashasvi Jaiswal and Shivam Dube’s stroke-filled fifties overpowered Ruturaj Gaikwad’s maiden hundred as Rajasthan Royals RR beat Chennai Super Kings CSK in Match 47 of the VIVO Indian Premier League IPL in Abu Dhabi on Saturday.
After CSK who were put into bat first scored 189/4 on the back of Gaikwad’s sensational 101* RR chased down the target in 17.3 overs courtesy Jaiswal’s fiery 50 while opening the batting and Dube’s brisk 64*.
The RR opening pair of Jaiswal and Evin Lewis announced their aggressive intent straightway. While Jaiswal who got a reprieve in the second over as Ambati Rayudu could not hold on to a tough chance creamed five fours in the first four overs Lewis hit two sixes and two sixes as RR zoomed past fifty in four overs.
Jaiswal then went after Josh Hazlewood hammering three sixes and a four in the fifth over to complete a 19-ball fifty – his first in the IPL.
There was some respite for CSK as Lewis and Jaiswal got out in the 6th and 7th overs respectively. While Shardul Thakur dismissed Lewis KM Asif ended Jaiswal’s blitz.
Sanju Samson and Shivam Dube then joined forces and the two denied CSK any immediate success. While Samson scored 28 off 24 balls Dube with his powerful hits targeted the CSK bowling scoring an unbeaten 64 off 42 balls with the help of 4 fours and as many sixes.
The two added 89 runs together where Dube scored majority of the runs before Samson got out in the 16th over.
Glenn Phillips then joined Dube in the middle and the pair made sure RR crossed the finish line and pocket two points.
Earlier batting first CSK were off to a brisk start courtesy Faf du Plessis and Gaikwad. The CSK opening pair scored 44 runs in the powerplay.
However Rahul Tewatia’s introduction into the attack in the seventh over helped RR to get their first breakthrough as he had du Plessis stumped. Two overs later Tewatia picked his second wicket as Suresh Raina was holed out in the deep.
Gaikwad was then joined by Moeen Ali and the duo added 57 runs together. The two kept the scorecard ticking and took CSK to 100/2 at the end of 14 overs.
Gaikwad who had reached his half-century then targeted Tewatia creaming two sixes in the 15th over. However CSK lost their third wicket in the same over as Moeen got out for 21.
While Gaikwad continued his good work with the bat and took on Akash Singh hitting two fours and a six in the 16th over to move to 80 off 52 balls Chetan Sakariya gave RR their fourth success with the ball getting Rayudu out in the 17th over.
Ravindra Jadeja and Gaikwad then hit a four and a six respectively in the next over as CSK crossed the 150-run mark. Sakariya conceded 12 runs in the penultimate over.
In the final over CSK scored 15 runs off the first three balls which saw Jadeja hit two fours and a six in addition to a run off a wide. Gailkwad then tonked a maximum on the final ball to complete a well-deserved hundred.
Brief Scores Rajasthan Royals 190/3 Shivam Dube 64* Yashasvi Jaiswal 50 Shardul Thakur 2/30 beat Chennai Super Kings 189/4 Ruturaj Gaikwad 101* Ravindra Jadeja 32* Rahul Tewatia 3/39 by 7 wickets.

Date 02 Oct 2021

VIVO IPL 2021 Match 46 MI vs DC – Match Report


The things went right down to the wire but Delhi Capitals DC held their nerve and beat Mumbai Indians MI by four wickets in Match 46 of the VIVO Indian Premier League IPL in Sharjah on Saturday.
Shreyas Iyer scored a vital 33* while R Ashwin chipped in with an unbeaten 20 and helped DC secure their ninth win of the season.
Needing 130 runs to win DC lost Shikhar Dhawan early as Kieron Pollard’s direct hit caught the left-hander short of his crease in the second over. DC then lost Prithvi Shaw as Krunal Pandya got the right-hander out LBW in the third over.
Nathan Coulter-Nile then disturb the timber in the fifth over as Steve Smith got out as MI picked three wickets in the powerplay.
DC skipper Rishabh Pant counter-attacked and scored a quickfire 26 with the help of 3 fours and a six. But MI managed to cut short his knock as Jayant Yadav struck in the 9th over of the DC chase.
While Iyer stayed put MI managed to strike at regular intervals and reduced DC to 93/6 as Axar Patel and Shimron Hetmyer got out in the 12th and 14th overs respectively.
Ashwin who replaced Hetmyer in the middle and Iyer joined forces. The pair kept calm and put up an unbeaten 39-run stand to take DC home.
Earlier MI and DC both made a change each to their playing XI as Jayant Yadav and Prithvi Shaw were named in the respective teams.
MI who were put into bat lost Rohit Sharma in the second over as Avesh Khan struck in his first over. Suryakumar Yadav announced his arrival to the crease in some style cracking a six on the third ball he faced. DC though largely kept things tight with the ball and gave away just 35 runs in the powerplay.
DC picked the second MI wicket in the seventh over as Axar Patel got the better of de Kock. In the eighth over Suryakumar took on R Ashwin creaming a six and two fours as MI moved past fifty.
Axar Patel then added two more wickets to his tally. The DC all-rounder dismissed Suryakumar in the 11th over & then got the wicket of Saurabh Tiwary in the 13th over.
Anrich Nortje then got Kieron Pollard out as DC reduced MI to 87/5. While Hardik Pandya and Krunal Pandya added 22 runs to take MI past Avesh’s double-wicket penultimate over helped DC see the back of Hardik and Nathan Coulter-Nile.
Although Krunal & Jayant hit a six each in the final over DC restricted MI to 129/8.
Brief Scores Delhi Capitals 132/6 Shreyas Iyer 33* Rishabh Pant 26 Trent Boult 1/24 Jasprit Bumrah 1/29 beat Mumbai Indians 129/8 Suryakumar Yadav 33 Quinton de Kock 19 Avesh Khan 3/15 Axar Patel 3/21 by 4 wickets.

Date 01 Oct 2021

VIVO IPL 2021 Match 45 KKR vs PBKS – Match Report


The game went into the final over but Punjab Kings PBKS held their nerve and edged out Kolkata Knight Riders KKR by five wickets in Match 45 of the VIVO Indian Premier League IPL 2021 in Dubai on Friday.
In the chase Mayank Agarwal got an early reprieve as KKR captain Eoin Morgan dropped a catch off Tim Southee. Mayank then made KKR pay for that reprieve and creamed three fours and two sixes during powerplay as he and KL Rahul guided PBKS to 46/0 in the powerplay.
The pair completed a fifty-run stand in the seventh over. But KKR managed to break the opening act as Varun Chakaravathy dismissed Mayank for 40 in the ninth over. While Nicholas Pooran who replaced Mayank in the middle got a life in the 10th over the left-hander got out in the next over bowled Chakaravarthy.
KL Rahul who brought up yet another IPL fifty and Aiden Markram then took PBKS past 120 after the end of 15 overs. But KKR struck back snapping up two PBKS wickets in the next two overs. While Narine had the better of Markram Shivam Mavi dismissed Deepak Hooda.
Venkatesh Iyer then almost pulled off an incredible catch near the ropes but could not manage to toss the ball up sufficiently to complete the catch as Shahrukh Khan hit a second-ball six. Shahrukh then creamed a four in the next over.
Rahul hit two fours in the penultimate over but got out for 67 in the final over. Shahrukh then sealed a win for PBKS after Rahul Tripathi could not complete a difficult catch.
EarlierKKR made two changes to their team bringing in Tim Seifert and Shivam Mavi in place of Lockie Ferguson and Shivam Mavi while PBKS who elected to bowl brought in Mayank Agarwal Fabian Allen and Shahrukh Khan replacing Mandeep Singh Chris Gayle and Harpreet Brar.
KKR made a brisk start as Shubman Gill and Venkatesh Iyer scored 17 runs in the first two overs. However Gill got out in the third over after Arshdeep Singh let one through his defence to disturb the timber.
Iyer and Rahul Tripathi then kept the scorecard ticking and took KKR past fifty in the seventh over. The two cashed in on every scoring opportunity and completed a brisk fifty-run stand in the 9th over.
While Tripathi creamed two fours of Nathan Ellis in the 11th over the right-hander got out in the next over as Ravi Bishnoi had the KKR batsman caught in the deep.
Iyer then notched up his second fifty of the season as KKR moved past hundred in the 13th over. Two overs later though Iyer’s fine knock came to an end as he got out for 67 off Bishnoi.
Mohammad Shami then got Morgan out LBW in the 16th over. Nitish Rana meanwhile played a 18-ball 31-run cameo hitting 2 fours and 2 sixes.
But PBKS managed to keep things tight in the last two overs conceding just 14 runs and limited KKR to 165/7.
Brief Scores Punjab Kings 168/5 KL Rahul 67 Mayank Agarwal 40 Varun Chakaravarthy 2/24 beat Kolkata Knight Riders 165/7 Venkatesh Iyer 67 Rahul Tripathi 34 Arshdeep Singh 3/32 by 5 wickets.

Date 30 Sep 2021

VIVO IPL 2021 Match 44 SRH vs CSK – Match Report


Chennai Super Kings’ CSK beat Sunrisers Hyderabad SRH in Match 44 of the VIVO Indian Premier League IPL 2021 in Sharjah on Thursday and with it became the first team to seal a place in the playoffs.
After keeping things tight with the ball to limit SRH to 134/9 CSK chased down the target in 19.4 overs & with 6 wickets in hand to register their ninth win of the season.
Ruturaj Gaikwad and Faf du Plessis continued their solid show with the bat for CSK at the top to set the platform for a comfortable win. The pair put on yet another half-century stand to set the ball rolling for CSK and took the side to 75/0 with some brilliant stroke-making after 10 overs in the chase.
Jason Holder then provided SRH with a much-needed breakthrough in the 11th over as he dismissed Gaikwad for 45.
Moeen Ali then joined du Plessis in the middle and the two took CSK past 100. However SRH struck back via Rashid Khan and Holder as the two shared three wickets between them dismissing Moeen Suresh Raina and du Plessis.
Ambati Rayudu and captain MS Dhoni though made sure that CSK did not lose any more wickets and took the side across the finish line with Captain Cool sealing the match with his trademark six.
Earlier SRH who were put into bat remained unchanged while CSK made one change bringing in Dwayne Bravo replacing Sam Curran.
CSK conceded just five runs in the first two overs before Wriddhiman Saha tonked two sixes off Deepak Chahar in the third over. However CSK had their first success with the ball as Josh Hazlewood dismissed Jason Roy in the fourth over.
While SRH finished the powerplay at 41/1 they lost their second wicket soon after as Dwayne Bravo trapped Kane Williamson before the wickets. Priyam Garg and Saha then added 23 runs together but the two got out in the space of eight runs. While Bravo had the better of Garg Jadeja dismissed Saha for 44 as Dhoni took his 100th IPL catch as the CSK wicketkeeper.
Abhishek Sharma and Abdul Samad then added 35 runs together to push SRH past 100. But Hazlewood’s double-wicket 17th over helped CSK see the back of the two. Shardul Thakur then got Jason Holder out in the penultimate over before CSK limited SRH to 134/7.
Brief Scores Chennai Super Kings 139/4 Ruturaj Gaikwad 45 Faf du Plessis 41 Jason Holder 3/27 beat Sunrisers Hyderabad 134/7 Wriddhiman Saha 44 Abhishek Sharma 18 Josh Hazlewood 3/24 by 6 wickets.

Date 29 Sep 2021

VIVO IPL 2021 Match 43 RR vs RCB – Match Report


An all-round bowling performance and Glenn Maxwell’s fifty were the highlights as Royal Challengers Bangalore RCB beat Rajasthan Royals RR by seven wickets in Match 43 of the VIVO Indian Premier League IPL 2021 in Dubai on Wednesday.
The Virat Kohli-led unit who needed 150 runs to win chased down the target in 17.1 overs and bagged two points.
In the chase were quick off the blocks as captain Virat Kohli creamed three fours in the first over. While Kohli added one more to his account Devdutt Padikkal hit a four each in the second over.
The left-hander got a reprieve in the third over and he creamed three fours in the next two overs. But he got out in the final over of the powerplay as Mustafizur Rahman disturbed the timber to give RR their first wicket.
In the seventh over RR scalped the big wicket of Kohli following a brilliant run-out from Riyan Parag who put a dive at point stopped the ball and then with a direct-hit at the non-striker’s end caught the RCB skipper short of his crease.
KS Bharat and Maxwell then joined forces and put on a 69-run stand to take RCB closer to a victory. The pair cashed in on every scoring opportunity and kept the scorecard ticking making sure RCB were not under any run-rate pressure.
While Bharat got out in the 16th over after scoring a well-compiled 44 Maxwell scored an unbeaten 50 as he and AB de Villiers took RCB home.
Earlier after put in to bat RR were off to a flying start courtesy Yashasvi Jaiswal and Evin Lewis. The pair after scoring 8 runs in the first two overs scored 13 off the third over bowled by Glenn Maxwell. Lewis then went after Garton creaming two sixes and a four. He then targeted Harshal Patel hitting a four and a six as RR moved past fifty.
While Mohammed Siraj bowled a four-run over to close the powerplay Jaiswal creamed two fours in the seventh over off Daniel Christian and then followed it up with a six in the ninth over bowled by the RCB all-round. However Christian returned the favour as he dismissed Jaiswal in the same over to give RCB a much-needed breakthrough.
Lewis then brought up his fifty in the 10th over before RR brought up their 100 in the next over.
RCB picked the second RR wicket as debutant Garton dismissed Lewis as RCB started to pull things back. In the 13th over Yuzvnedra Chahal had the better of Mahipal Lomror before Shahbaz Ahmed’s double-wicket over where he dismissed Samson and Rahul Tewatia reduced RR to 117/5.
Chahal completed his quota of four overs picking his second wicket as RR lost their sixth wicket in the form of Liam Livingstone.
Harshal Patel who had taken a hat-trick in RCB’s last game against Mumbai Indians went on to bowl a sensational three-wicket final over dismissing Riyan Parag Chris Morris and Chetan Sakariya as RCB restricted RR to 149/9.
Brief Scores Royal Challengers Bangalore 153/3 Glenn Maxwell 50* KS Bharat 44 Mustafizur Rahman 2/20 beat Rajasthan Royals 149/9 Evin Lewis 58 Yashasvi Jaiswal 31 Harshal Patel 3.34 by 7 wickets.

Date 28 Sep 2021

VIVO IPL 2021 Match 42 MI vs PBKS – Match Report


Mumbai Indians MI returned to winning ways after they beat Punjab Kings PBKS by six wickets in Match 42 of the VIVO Indian Premier League IPL in Abu Dhabi on Tuesday.
After limiting PBKS to 135/6 MI chased down the target in 19 overs to pocket two points.
In the chase MI were dealt with two big blows as Ravi Bishnoi dismissed Rohit Sharma and Suryakumar Yadav in the fourth over. While Rohit was caught by Mandeep Singh Bishnoi let one sneak through the defence of Suryakumar to disturb the timber.
Quinton de Kock was then joined by Saurabh Tiwary and the duo started to rebuild the innings. The pair kept the scorecard ticking and added a vital 45-run stand.
While de Kock was dismissed by Mohammad Shami in the 10th over Tiwary continued his good work as he and Hardik Pandya took MI past 90. However the left-hander fell short of his fifty as Nathan Ellis struck in the 16th over.
Hardik who was joined by Kieron Pollard in the middle then creamed a four and a six in the 17th over as MI moved closer to 110. Pollard then went after Arshdeep Singh hitting a four and a six as MI scored 13 runs in the next over to reach 120/4.
Hardik then finished the game off in style for MI as he slammed two fours and a six
PBKS made one change to their team as Mandeep Singh replaced Mayank Agarwal while MI made two changes to their playing XI bringing in Saurabh Tiwary and Nathan Coulter-Nile in place of Adam Milne.
MI kept things tight with the ball in the powerplay and managed to strike in the sixth over as Krunal Pandya got Mandeep out LBW. However it was Kieron Pollard who landed two massive blows in the seventh over as he had the better of Chris Gayle and PBKS skipper KL Rahul.
Jasprit Bumrah then had the better of Nicholas Pooran as MI reduced PBKS to 48/4.
PBKS needed a partnership and Aiden Markram and Deepak Hooda did just that. The pair kept the scorecard ticking and added a valuable 61-run stand to push PBKS closer to 110 before Markram was dismissed for 42 by Rahul Chahar in the 16th over.
Two overs later Bumrah got Hooda out as MI eventually limited PBKS to 135/6.
Brief Scores Mumbai Indians 137/4 Saurabh Tiwary 45 Hardik Pandya 40 Ravi Bishnoi 2/25 beat Punjab Kings 135/6 Aiden Markram 42 Deepak Hooda 28 Kieron Pollard 2/8 by 6 wickets.

Date 28 Sep 2021

VIVO IPL 2021 Match 41 KKR vs DC – Match Report


Sunil Narine starred with the bat and ball Kolkata Knight Riders’ KKR win over Delhi Capitals DC in Match 41 of the VIVO Indian Premier League IPL 2021 in Sharjah on Tuesday.
In the chase KKR were off to a brisk start before Lalit Yadav dismissed Venkatesh Iyer in the fifth over. While Rahul Tripathi announced his arrival in style he got out soon after as DC picked the second KKR wicket in the powerplay.
DC then kept things tight with the ball and the approach worked as KKR lost Gill and captain Eoin Morgan in the 11th and 12th overs respectively.
While Dinesh Karthik and Nitish Rana added a valuable 29-run stand Avesh Khan picked his second wicket as he dismissed the KKR wicketkeeper-batsman in the 15th over to reduce KKR to 96/5.
Narine joined Rana in the middle and changed the course of the match. The left-hander went after Kagiso Rabada in the 16th over tonking two sixes and a four as KKR scored 21 runs an over to bring down the winning target to nine runs from four overs.
While Narine got out in the next over after his 10-ball 21-run cameo and KKR lose Tim Southee in 18th over Rana who scored an unbeaten 36 took KKR home.
Earlier KKR made two changes to their team as Southee and Sandeep Warrier replaced Andre Russell and Prasidh Krishna while DC brought in Steve Smith in place of Prithvi Shaw.
DC made a solid start as the pair of Shikhar Dhawan and Smith took the team to 29/0. But their opening act was cut short as Lockie Ferguson struck in his first over as Venkatesh Iyer took the catch to dismiss the DC left-hander.
Narine struck soon after the powerplay as he let one through the defence of Shreyas Iyer to disturb the timber. Smith and captain Rishabh Pant then chipped in with a 37-run stand before the right-hander chopped one back onto the stumps as Ferguson picked his second wicket.
Iyer’s twin strikes and Narine’s wicket of Lalit Yadav then reduced DC to 92/6 in the 15th over. While R Ashwin and Rishabh added 28 runs together KKR restricted DC to 127/9.
Brief Scores Kolkata Knight Riders 130/7 Nitish Rana 36* Shubman Gill 30 Avesh Khan 3/13 beat Delhi Capitals 127/9 Rishabh Pant 39 Steve Smith 39 Sunil Narine 2/18 by 3 wickets.

Date 27 Sep 2021

VIVO IPL 2021 Match 40 SRH vs RR – Match Report


Sunrisers Hyderabad SRH returned to winning ways after beating Rajasthan Royals RR by seven wickets in Match 40 of the VIVO Indian Premier League IPL 2021 in Dubai on Monday.
Jason Roy making his SRH debut and Kane Williamson starred with the bat as SRH chased down the target in 18.3 overs.
SRH needing 165 runs to win made a cracking start courtesy Wriddhiman Saha and Jason Roy. After scoring 14 runs in the first two overs the pair cut loose. First Saha tonked a six and a four in the third over off Jaydev Unadkat before Mustafizur Rahman’s next over cost RR 13 runs.
Roy then tonked four fours off Chris Morris in the fifth over as he and Saha completed a quickfire fifty-run stand.
RR managed to break the ominous-looking opening stand after Saha was stumped off Mahipal Lomror in the final over of the powerplay.
Kane Williamson joined Roy in the middle and the duo kept the scorecard ticking and took SRH to 90/1 after 10 overs. In the 11th over Roy went after Rahul Tewatia and creamed a six and three fours to complete his fifty on SRH debut and pushed his side to 111/1.
Chetan Sakariya cut short Roy’s onslaught as he dismissed the right-hander for 60. Priyam Garg got out soon after as Mustafizur took a fine catch on his own bowling.
Williamson though continued to lead from the front and anchored the SRH chase with Abhishek Sharma for company. The SRH skipper scored an unbeaten 51 as he and Sharma who scored 21* took SRH home.
Earlier RR who elected to bat made three changes to their team as Jaydev Unadkat Evin Lewis and Chris Morris replaced injured Kartik Tyagi David Miller and Tabraiz Shamsi. SRH on the other hand made four changes as Roy who made his SRH debut Garg Sharma and Siddarth Kaul came into the team in place of David Warner Manish Pandey Kedar Jadhav and an injured Khaleel Ahmed.
RR lost their first wicket early as Bhuvneshwar Kumar struck with his first ball of the match to dismiss Evin Lewis. But captain Sanju Samson and Yashasvi Jaiswal strung a fine partnership as RR moved past fifty soon after powerplay.
The duo completed a fifty-run stand in the ninth over. But SRH managed to break the Jaiswal-Samson stand as Sandeep Sharma dismissed the left-hander for 36. RR lost another wicket in quick succession as Rashid Khan got Liam Livingstone out in the 11th over.
Samson and Mahipal Lomror then joined forces and went on to build a fine 84-run stand.
The pair took RR past hundred in the 14th over before Samson cranked a six in the 15th over to move closer to a half-century. The RR skipper then went after Kaul hammering a four and two sixes in the next over to sail past fifty cross the 400-run mark in this edition of the tournament and completed 3000 runs in IPL.
With two overs to go RR had cruised past 150. However SRH pulled things back in the last two overs. While Bhuvneshwar Kumar who bowled the penultimate over conceded just seven runs Kaul bowled a double-wicket final over – which saw him dismiss Samson for a fine 82 and Riyan Parag – conceding just four runs as SRH limited RR to 164/6.
Brief Scores Sunrisers Hyderabad 167/3 Jason Roy 60 Kane Williamson 51* Mahipal Lomror 1/22 beat Rajasthan Royals 164/6 Sanju Samson 82 Yashasvi Jaiswal 36 Siddarth Kaul 2/36 by 7 wickets.

Date 26 Sep 2021

VIVO IPL 2021 Match 39 RCB vs MI – Match Report


Harshal Patel’s sensational hat-trick and Glenn Maxwell’s all-round dominance were the talking points as the Virat Kohli-led Royal Challengers Bangalore RCB beat Mumbai Indians MI beat Royal Challengers Bangalore RCB in Match 39 of the VIVO Indian Premier League IPL 2021 in Dubai on Sunday.
Needing 166 runs to win MI were watchful in the first two overs scoring 10 runs before captain Rohit Sharma changed the gears creaming three fours off Kyle Jamieson in the third over. Quinton de Kock joined the party hitting three fours in the course of the next two overs while Rohit added two more to his account as MI raced past fifty in five overs.
However RCB started to pull back things right after the powerplay as Yuzvendra Chahal dismissed Quinton de Kock after Maxwell took a fine running catch. Three overs later Maxwell got the big wicket of Rohit after the MI skipper who was earlier hit on the hand by a booming drive of Ishan Kishan holed out in the deep after scoring 43.
RCB continued to chip away as Chahal and Maxwell took one more wicket each. While Chahal had the better of Kishan Maxwell disturbed the timber to dismiss Krunal Pandya. MI then lost their fifth wicket as Mohammed Siraj dismissed Suryakumar Yadav.
Two overs later Harshal drew the curtains on MI with a spectacular hat-trick. The right-arm pacer first dismissed Hardik as captain Kohli took the catch then had Kieron Pollard disturbing the timber and then completed the hat-trick trapping Rahul Chahar before the wickets.
While Chahal then had the wicket of Jasprit Bumrah Harshal sealed the win for RCB dismissing Adam Milne.
Earlier RCB who were put into bat made three changes to their side as Shahbaz Ahmed Daniel Christian & Kyle Jamieson were named in the team. Meanwhile Hardik Pandya returned to MIs playing XI in place of Saurabh Tiwary.
Virat Kohli got an early reprieve after Rahul Chahar despite all his efforts could not hold on to a difficult chance. While Kohli survived MI managed to strike early as Bumrah dismissed Devdutt Padikkal in the second over.
Kohli and KS Bharat then took on Bumrah hitting the MI speedster for 2 fours and a six to score 16 runs in the fourth over. Kohli then went after Adam Milne for a four and a six before RCB moved to 48/1 after six overs. The pair completed a fifty-run stand in the next overs.
MI managed to break the partnership in the ninth over as Rahul Chahar got Bharat out for 32. MI then bowled two tight overs before Maxwell opened his shoulder hammering his first six off a switch-hit off Krunal.
The ‘Big Show’ then creamed two fours and a six in the next two overs as RCB reached 117/2 at the end of the 14th over.
Kohli then brought up his second successive fifty of the season in the 15th over. The RCB skipper though got out in the next over as Adam Milne picked his first wicket of the match.
AB de Villiers joined Maxwell in the middle after Kohli got out and wasted no time going big. He hit a six and a four off Bumrah in the 17th over. Maxwell then went after Milne who bowled the 18th over creaming a six and two fours to bring up a 33-ball fifty.
Bumrah then showed why he is one of the best in the business as he dismissed both Maxwell and ABD in the penultimate over conceding just six runs before Trent Boult a three-run final over and scalped a wicket as MI limited RCB to 165/6.
Brief Scores Royal Challengers Bangalore 165/6 Glenn Maxwell 56 Virat Kohli 51 Jasprit Bumrah 3/36 beat Mumbai Indians 111 all out Rohit Sharma 43 Quinton de Kock 24 Harshal Patel 4/17 by 54 runs.

Date 26 Sep 2021

VIVO IPL 2021 Match 38 CSK vs KKR – Match Report


Chennai Super Kings CSK held their nerves and in a last-ball thriller edged out the spirited Kolkata Knight Riders KKR in Match 38 of the VIVO Indian Premier League IPL 2021 in Abu Dhabi on Sunday.
Needing 172 runs to win CSK were off to a cracking start as Ruturaj Gaikwad and Faf du Plessis came to the party once again. The CSK opening pair took off from where they had left in the last game and went after the KKR bowling scoring 52 runs in the powerplay.
Gaikwad then hit a six each in the seventh and ninth over before Andre Russell broke the opening stand dismissing Gaikwad 40.
Moeen Ali was quick to get off the blocks and hit a four and a six each in the 10th over before du Plessis creamed two fours in the next over as CSK zoomed past hundred.
But du Plessis got out in the 12th over as Lockie Ferguson took a fine catch in the deep off Prasidh Krishna. While Moeen stayed put Sunil Narine struck to dismiss Ambati Rayudu.
KKR then landed three big blows in the space of two overs as CSK lost Moeen Suresh Raina and captain MS Dhoni. While Ferguson dismissed Moeen and Raina was run-out Varun Chakaravarthy let one sneak through Dhoni’s bat and pad to disturb the timber.
Jadeja though turned the game in CSK’s favour as he creamed two sixes and as many fours in the penultimate over bowled by Prasidh Krishna.
While CSK needed just 4 runs off the last over Narine kept his calm and took the match to the last ball conceded just three runs on the first five balls scalping two wickets – dismissing Sam Curran and Jadeja.
But Deepak Chahar made sure to take CSK across the finish line.
Earlier KKR who remained unchanged elected to bat against CSK who brought in Sam Curran.
While Shubman Gill survived an LBW decision in the first over he was run-out in the same over.
Rahul Tripathi who replaced Gill in the middle announced his intentions straightway creaming the second ball he faced for four. The right-hander enjoyed a stroke of luck even as MS Dhoni took a stunning grab as a Sam Curran delivery was called a no-ball for height. The KKR batsman then hit a six before Venkatesh Iyer creamed two fours in the fifth over.
However CSK struck in the final over of the powerplay as Shardul Thakur dismissed Iyer and went on to bowl a wicket-maiden.
CSK kept the things tight and got the success as a Faf du Plessis’ boundary-rope special helped the team see the back of KKR skipper Eoin Morgan. Tripathi was the next man to get out after scoring a fine 45 as Ravindra Jadeja disturbed the timber.
Nitish Rana and Andre Russell then hit two sixes and two fours between them in the space of two overs as KKR moved to 118/4 after 15 overs. However Shardul broke the 36-run stand dismissing Russell in the 17th over.
Dinesh Karthik then joined Rana in the middle and played a blitz – 26 of 11 – with the help of 3 fours and 1 six as the pair added a quickfire 46 runs before Rana who scored an unbeaten 37 took KKR to 171/6.
Brief Scores Chennai Super Kings 172/8 Faf du Plessis 43 Ruturaj Gaikwad 40 Sunil Narine 3/41 beat Kolkata Knight Riders 171/6 Rahul Tripathi 45 Nitish Rana 37* Shardul Thakur 2/20 by 2 wickets.

Date 25 Sep 2021

VIVO IPL 2021 Match 37 SRH vs PBKS – Match Report


Jason Holder’s all-round show was not enough as Punjab Kings PBKS held their nerve and beat Sunrisers Hyderabad SRH in Match 37 of the VIVO Indian Premier League IPL 2021 at the Sharjah Cricket Stadium on Saturday.
While PBKS were restricted to a modest total of 125/7 young Ravi Bishnoi and veteran pacer Mohammad Shami played a vital role helping the team seal a five-run win.
In the chase SRH lost David Warner and Kane Williamson early as Shami struck in the first and the third over respectively.
Five overs later Manish Pandey got out as Bishnoi picked his first wicket. While Wriddhiman Saha and Kedar Jadhav added 24 runs together Bishnoi’s double-wicket over reduced SRH to 60/5.
Holder then walked out to bat and took the attack to PBKS bowlers as he & Saha added a quick 32-run stand before Saha was run-out in the 17th over. Holder continued to put up the fight as SRH moved past hundred.
SRH needed 21 runs in the last 2 overs and Arshdeep Singh bowled a brilliant 19th over conceding just four runs.
While Holder creamed a six in the final over Nathan Ellis did not allow the all-rounder and Bhuvneshwar any big hit as PBKS sealed a fine win in a low-scoring thriller.
Earlier an unchanged SRH elected to field against PBKS who made three changes to their team – bringing in Chris Gayle Bishnoi and Ellis.
PBKS made a watchful start before Holder’s twin strikes in the fifth over helped SRH see the back of Mayank Agarwal and KL Rahul.
Gayle and Aiden Markram then added 30 runs before the left-hander was out LBW off Rashid Khan. Nicholas Pooran was the next man to get out as Sandeep Sharma struck in the 12th over.
While Markram and Deepak Hooda took PBKS closer to 90-run mark the South African fell for 27 off Abdul Samad. Hooda departed in the 16th over as substitute J Suchith took a stunning one-handed catch as Holder picked his third wicket.
Harpreet Brar and Ellis though chipped in with some important runs as PBKS posted 125/7 on the board.
Brief Scores Punjab Kings 125/7 Aiden Markram 27 KL Rahul 21 Jason Holder 3/19 beat Sunrisers Hyderabad 120/7 Jason Holder 47* Wriddhiman Saha 31 Ravi Bishnoi 3/24 by 5 runs.

Date 25 Sep 2021

VIVO IPL 2021 Match 36 DC vs RR – Match Report


Bowlers shared the spoils while Shreyas Iyer scored a valuable 43 as Delhi Capitals DC beat Rajasthan Royals RR in Match 36 of the VIVO Indian Premier League IPL 2021 in Abu Dhabi on Saturday.
Needing 155 runs to win RR lost two wickets in the first two overs. While Avesh Khan dismissed Liam Livingstone Anrich Nortje got Yashasvi Jaiswal. DC picked the third RR wicket in the fifth over as Ashwin had David Miller stumped.
Captain Sanju Samson meanwhile survived courtesy a successful DRS as he and Mahipal Lomror added 31 runs together. But DC struck twice in the space of two overs as Kagiso Rabada and Axar Patel got Lomror and Riyan Parag out respectively.
While Sanju Samson scored a fighting half-century DC bowlers kept the things tight striking at regular intervals and denying RR any momentum with the bat – helping the team seal a comfortable 33-run win.
DC and RR who elected to bowl made one and two changes each to their playing XIs from the last match. While Shikhar Dhawan and Prithvi Shaw made a watchful start RR struck in quick succession as Tyagi and Chetan Sakariya dismissed Dhawan and Shaw respectively.
With DC needing a rebuilding job Shreyas Iyer and captain Rishabh Pant joined forces. The pair kept the scoreboard ticking as DC moved to 66/2 after the end of ten overs. In the next over the Iyer-Pant duo completed a vital 50-run stand.
However RR struck back via Mustafizur Rahman and Rahul Tewatia. While Mustafizur dismissed Pant who chopped one back onto the stumps Iyer got out for 43 after Sanju Samson’s fine work behind the stumps.
Shimron Hetmyer then scored a quickfire 28 off 18 balls as he and Lalit Yadav took DC past 120. But Mustafizur broke the stand as he dismissed Hetmyer in the 17th over before DC eventually posted 154/6 on the board.
Brief Scores Delhi Capitals 154/6 Shreyas Iyer 43 Shimron Hetmyer 28 Mustafizur Rahman 2/22 beat Rajasthan Royals 121/6 Sanju Samson 70* Mahipal Lomror 19 Anrich Nortje 2/18 by 33 runs.

Date 24 Sep 2021

VIVO IPL 2021 Match 35 RCB vs CSK – Match Report


Dwayne Bravo delivered the goods with the ball as Chennai Super Kings CSK beat Royal Challengers Bangalore RCB in Match 35 of the VIVO Indian Premier League IPL 2021 at the Sharjah Cricket Stadium on Friday.
Needing 157 runs to win CSK chased down the target in 18.1 overs with six wickets in hand and pocketed two more points.
The CSK opening pair of Ruturaj Gaikwad and Faf du Plessis set the tone for CSK’s chase. The two went about their business in some style cashing in on every scoring opportunity guiding CSK to 59/0 after 6 overs.
But their opening stand was broken in the ninth over as RCB captain Virat Kohli took a stunning diving catch as Yuzvendra Chahal dismissed Gaikwad. In the next over Glenn Maxwell gave RCB their second success with the ball as Navdeep Saini completed the catch to get du Plessis out.
Moeen Ali and Ambati Rayudu then joined forces and put up a quickfire 47-run stand to take CSK close to 120. However the two departed in the space of 15 runs as Harshal Patel struck at the either side of the strategic time out.
Suresh Raina and CSK skipper MS Dhoni then added an unbroken 24-run stand and took the team home.
Earlier after a sandstorm delayed the proceedings CSK put RCB into bat. Kohli set the ball rolling for RCB as he creamed two fours on the first two deliveries he faced. Devdutt Padikkal struck his first four on the final ball of the first over.
The two hit a four each in the third over and then followed it up with a six each over the course of the next two overs before RCB moved to 55/0 at the end of the powerplay.
Padikkal brought up his sixth IPL fifty in the 12th over as the pair completed a superb 100-run stand. In the next over RCB captain moved past fifty.
But CSK started to pull things back as Bravo broke the opening stand dismissing Kohli for 53 as Ravindra Jadeja took the catch in the deep. While AB de Villiers who replaced Kohli in the middle creamed a six in the 16th over Shardul Thakur’s twin strikes in the 17th over saw the back of ABD and Padikkal who got out after scoring a breezy 70.
CSK continued to tighten the screws – with Bravo who picked three wickets conceding just 24 runs leading the charge – and limited RCB to 156/6.
Brief Scores Chennai Super Kings RuturaJ Gaikwad 38 Ambati Rayudu 32 Harshal Patel 2/25 beat Royal Challengers Bangalore 156/6 Devdutt Padikkal 70 Virat Kohli 53 Dwayne Bravo 3/24 by six wickets.

Date 23 Sep 2021

VIVO IPL 2021 Match 34 MI vs KKR – Match Report


Rahul Tripathi and Venkatesh Iyer dazzled with the bat as Kolkata Knight Riders KKR beat Mumbai Indians MI by seven wickets in Match 34 of the VIVO Indian Premier League IPL 2021 in Abu Dhabi on Thursday.
While Iyer scored his maiden IPL fifty Tripathi slammed an unbeaten 74 off 42 balls as KKR chased down the target with 4.5 overs to spare.
Needing 156 runs to win KKR made a scintillating start courtesy Shubman Gill and Iyer and moved to 40 in 17 balls. However the partnership was broken as Jasprit Bumrah disturbed the timber to send Gill packing.
Tripathi who joined Iyer in the middle made sure that KKR did not lose the momentum. The right-hander and Iyer added 23 runs in the final three overs of the powerplay as KKR moved to 63/1.
The big-hitting did not stop as Iyer and Tripathi continued to go after the MI bowlers scoring 48 runs in the next four overs to take KKR to 111/1 after 10 overs. In the next over the left-hander notched up a fine fifty – his first in the IPL – in 25 balls.
Tripathi then completed his half-century – seventh in the IPL – in the 12th over as KKR continued to make merry with the bat.
Iyer’s innings came to an end though as MI managed to break the 88-run partnership courtesy Bumrah. While the right-arm pacer picked one more wicket dismissing Eoin Morgan Tripathi took KKR home.
Earlier KKR who retained their winning combination from the game against Royal Challengers Bangalore RCB elected to bowl against MI who saw the return of their skipper Rohit Sharma.
MI were a little watchful in the first two overs before Rohit and Quinton de Kock hit four fours over the course of the next two overs. de Kock then hit three sixes in the next two overs as MI moved to 56/0 after 6 overs.
MI then had a couple of quiet overs before de Kock creamed two fours off Andre Russell in the ninth over.
But KKR managed to break the opening stand as Sunil Narine dismissed Rohit in the 10th over to give KKR a much-needed breakthrough. Three overs later MI lost Suryakumar Yadav as Prasidh Krishna picked his first wicket.
While de Kock brought up a fine half-century and MI moved past fifty the left-hander got out soon after as Prasidh struck in the 15th over. Ishan Kishan was the next man to get out as Lockie Fergsuon scalped his first wicket.
Kieron Pollard and Krunal Pandya then added a quickfire 30-run stand before getting out.
Brief Scores Kolkata Knight Riders 159/3 Rahul Tripathi 74* Venkatesh Iyer 53 Jasprit Bumrah 3/43 beat Mumbai Indians 155/6 Quinton de Kock 55 Rohit Sharma 33 Lockie Ferguson 2/27 by seven wickets.

Date 22 Sep 2021

VIVO IPL 2021 Match 33 DC vs SRH – Match Report


Bowlers came to the party and Shreyas Iyer Shikhar Dhawan and captain Rishabh Pant contributed with the bat as Delhi Capitals DC sealed a comprehensive eight-wicket win over Sunrisers Hyderabad SRH in Match 33 of the VIVO Indian Premier League IPL 2021 in Dubai on Tuesday.
Needing 135 runs to win DC were quick off the blocks courtesy Shikhar Dhawan and Prithvi Shaw. But SRH had their first success with the ball in the third over as captain Kane Williamson took a stunning running-catch off Khaleel Ahmed to dismiss Shaw.
Shreyas Iyer replaced Shaw in the middle as he and Dhawan took DC to 39/1 after the end of the powerplay. The two scored at a good pace and completed an important fifty-run stand in the 11th over.
However their partnership was broken in the same over as Rashid Khan dismissed Dhawan for 42 after Abdul Samad took a good catch in the deep.
Pant and Iyer then joined forces and made sure DC continued their charge. The pair put on an unbroken 67-run stand and took DC home with 2.1 overs to spare. While Iyer scored 47* Pant hit a quickfire 35* off 21 balls.
Earlier after electing to bat SRH lost David Warner in the first over off Anrich Nortje. While Wriddhiman Saha and Williamson added 29 runs together DC managed to strike for the second time as Kagiso Rabada dismissed the SRH wicketkeeper for 18 in the fifth over.
Manish Pandey joined Williamson in the middle after Saha’s fall. The pair kept the scorecard ticking and took SRH past fifty before Williamson got two reprieves – one each from Rishabh Pant and Prithvi Shaw.
But that did not cost DC much as the SRH skipper got out soon after as Shimron Hetmyer held on to a catch in the deep off Axar Patel. Rabada then picked his second wicket of the match as he had Pandey’s wicket in the 11th over.
Kedar Jadhav was the next man to get out as Nortje trapped him before the wickets to pick his second scalp of the night. DC continued to chip away as Axar then had the better off Jason Holder.
Rashid and Samad then added a vital 25 runs together to take SRH past 110 before Rabada dismissed Samad after the right-hander scored a vital 28. Rashid meanwhile continued to put up a fight and scored 22 before being run-out for 22 in the final over.
Brief Scores Delhi Capitals 139/2 Shreyas Iyer 47* Shikhar Dhawan 42 Rashid Khan 1/26 beat Sunrisers Hyderabad 134/9 Abdul Samad 28 Rashid Khan 22 Kagiso Rabada 3/37 by eight wickets

Date 21 Sep 2021

VIVO IPL 2021 Match 32 PBKS vs RR – Match Report


Kartik Tyagi’s brilliant last over overpowered Arshdeep Singh’s maiden five-wicket haul as Rajasthan Royals RR pulled off an absolute heist and sealed a victory from the jaws of defeat against Punjab Kings PBKS in Match 32 of the VIVO Indian Premier League IPL 2021 at the Dubai International Cricket Stadium on Tuesday.
RR held their nerve till the end despite Mayank Agarwal’s 67 and cameos from PBKS captain KL Rahul Aiden Markram and Nicholas Pooran and went on to seal a two-run victory.
In the chase Rahul rode his luck as he got as many as three reprieves and went on to score 49 while Agarwal slammed 67 off 43 balls.
Rahul who became the second fastest to score 3000 IPL runs Agarwal made sure their team get a solid start and brought up a fifty-run stand in the seventh over. Agarwal then creamed three fours in the next over.
Two overs later Agarwal who completed his 10th IPL fifty and crossed the 2000-run mark in the IPL and Rahul went after Chris Morris and hammered 25 runs in an over to complete a 100-run partnership.
However RR managed to dismiss the PBKS openers in the space of two overs. While Chetan Sakariya got Rahul out for 49 Rahul Tewatia dismissed Agarwal in the 13th over.
While Pooran and Markram added 57 runs together RR kept their calm even when PBKS needed just eight runs from the last two overs to win.
Mustafizur Rahman bowled a four-run penultimate over before Tyagi put on a bowling masterclass and conceded just one run and picked up two wickets – Pooran and Deepak Hooda - in the final over to take RR home.
Earlier Ishan Porel Adil Rashid and Markram made their IPL debuts after receiving their PBKS caps while Evin Lewis made his debut for RR.
RR who were put in to bat were off to a cracking start as Lewis and Yashasvi Jaiswal went after PBKS bowlers to bring up the fifty in five overs.
However the partnership was broken as Arshdeep bowling his first over struck in the final over of the powerplay dismissing Lewis for 36.
Porel who was earlier put under the pump was then brought back into the attack in the eight over and he provided PBKS their second breakthrough after KL Rahul grabbed a one-handed stunner to get Sanju Samson out.
RR needed a partnership after losing two wickets in quick succession and Jaiswal and Liam Livingstone did just that as the duo added 48 runs together in 28 balls to take RR past 110.
The partnership was eventually broken in the 12th over as Fabian Allen took a sensational diving catch near the ropes to get Livingstone out for 25. Jaiswal 49 was the next man to be dismissed as Agarwal took a fine catch off Harpreet Brar.
Meanwhile Mahipal Lomror went after PBKS bowlers. The left-hander hammered 24 runs in an over creaming two sixes and two fours off Hooda as RR moved past 160-run mark after 16 overs.
But PBKS pulled things back as Mohammad Shami and Arshdeep joined forces. While Shami dismissed Riyan Parag in the 17th over Arshdeep had the better of Lomror who scored 43 off 17 balls.
Shami then bowled a double-wicket penultimate over dismissing Rahul Tewatia and Chris Morris before Arshdeep completed a five-wicket haul getting Sakariya and Kartik Tyagi out in the 20th over as PBKS bowled RR out for 185.
Brief Scores Rajasthan Royals 185 all out Yashasvi Jaiswal 49 Mahipal Lomror 43 Arshdeep Singh 5/32 beat Punjab Kings 183/4 Mayank Agarwal 67 KL Rahul 49 Kartik Tygai 2/29 by 2 runs

Date 20 Sep 2021

VIVO IPL 2021 Match 31 KKR vs RCB – Match Report


Andre Russell Varun Chakaravarthy and Lockie Ferguson shared the spoils as Kolkata Knight Riders KKR beat Royal Challengers Bangalore RCB by nine wickets in Match 31 of the VIVO Indian Premier League IPL 2021 in Abu Dhabi on Monday.
After bowling out RCB for 92 KKR chased down the target with 10 overs to spare and bagged two points.
Gill scored a quickfire 48 off 34 balls with the help of 6 fours and a six while Iyer who was making his IPL debut put an impressive show with the bat scoring an unbeaten 41 off 27 balls.
The KKR openers did not look at any discomfort and went about their business in some style. The pair completed a fifty-run stand in the sixth over as KKR scored 56 at the end of the powerplay.
While Gill fell in the 10th over Iyer hammered three fours in the same over to help KKR seal a comprehensive win.
Earlier Virat Kohli – playing his 200th IPL game – won the toss and elected to bat.
KKR struck early as Prasidh Krishna scalped the big wicket for Kohli in the second over trapping the RCB skipper before the wickets.
Devdutt Padikkal and KS Bharat then added 31 runs for the second wicket but the partnership was broken as Lockie Ferguson dismissed the left-hander on the final ball of the powerplay. 
Andre Russell then joined the wicket-taking party with his double-wicket over. The West Indian first had KS Bharat caught in the deep in the ninth over and then had the prized scalp of AB de Villiers disturbing the timber to reduce RCB to 51/4.
Varun Chakaravarthy then came to the party and picked three wickets and effected a run-out as KKR ran through the RCB batting line-up. While the mystery spinner missed out on a hat-trick he dismissed Glenn Maxwell Wanindu Hasaranga and Sachin Baby and returned with the figures of 3/13 from his four overs.
Ferguson and Russell then picked a wicket each as KKR bowled out RCB for 92.
Brief Scores Kolkata Knight Riders 94/1 Shubman Gill 48 Venkatesh Iyer 41* Yuzvendra Chahal 1/23 beat Royal Challengers Bangalore 92 all out Devdutt Padikkal 22 KS Bharat 16 Andre Russell 3/9 by nine wickets

Date 19 Sep 2021

VIVO IPL 2021 Match 30 CSK vs MI – Match Report


Ruturaj Gaikwad starred with the bat as Chennai Super Kings CSK beat Mumbai Indians MI on VIVO Indian Premier League IPL 2021’s return in Dubai on Sunday.
Needing 157 runs to win MI were off to a quick start before Deepak Chahar dismissed Quinton de Kock in the third over courtesy a brilliant DRS call from MS Dhoni.
The right-arm pacer who has built a reputation of scalping wickets in the powerplay added one more wicket to his account after he got MI debutant Anmolpreet Singh out in the fifth over.
Shardul Thakur gave CSK their third success after he dismissed Suryakumar Yadav in the final over of the powerplay. Ishan Kishan and Saurabh Tiwary then took MI past 50. But Kishan was dismissed in the 10th over by Dwayne Bravo who was playing his 100th IPL game for CSK.
While Kieron Pollard who was captaining MI in the absence of Rohit Sharma and Tiwary added 29 runs together CSK managed to push MI on the backfoot as Josh Hazlewood got Pollard out LBW and Bravo ran Krunal Pandya out to reduce MI to 94/6.
Although Tiwary who scored a valiant half-century and Adam Milne added 40 runs it was a little late for MI as CSK sealed a 20-run win.
Earlier CSK won the toss and elected to bat against MI which were without the services of their regular skipper Rohit Sharma & all-rounder Hardik Pandya.
MI made early inroads as the Kiwi pace-bowling duo of Trent Boult and Milne ran through the CSK top-order.
While Boult dismissed Faf du Plessis in the first over Milne got Moeen Ali out in the next over before the left-arm pacer had Suresh Raina’s scalp.
Milne then added one more wicket to his tally in the final over of the powerplay as Boult took a fine catch in the deep to get the prized scalp of MS Dhoni.
CSK were hampered after Ambati Rayudu was retired hurt after being hit on elbow by a Milne delivery.
But Gaikwad and Ravindra Jadeja began the rebuilding work. The pair kept the scorecard ticking and denied MI any immediate success.
CSK moved past 70-run mark in the 13th over as the pair completed a vital half-century stand. Three overs later Gaikwad brought up a well-compiled half-century – his 6th in the IPL – before CSK brought up their hundred in the 17th over.
However the Gaikwad-Jadeja’s 81-run partnership was broken as Jasprit Bumrah playing his 100th IPL game dismissed Jadeja.
Gaikwad was then joined by Dwayne Bravo and the two changed the gears in style. The duo went after Boult in the penultimate over hammering 24 runs with Bravo slamming 2 sixes and Gaikwad hitting a six and a four each.
While Bravo got out in the final over after his eight-ball 23-run cameo Gaikwad stayed put till the end – creaming a four and a six each in the 20th over – to take CSK to 156/6.
Brief Scores Chennai Super Kings 156/6 Ruturaj Gaikwad 88* Ravindra Jadeja 26 Adam Milne 2/21 beat Mumbai Indians 136/8 Saurabh Tiwary 50* Quinton de Kock 17 Dwayne Bravo 3/25 by 20 runs

Date 02 May 2021

VIVO IPL 2021 Match 29 PBKS vs DC – Match Report


Delhi Capitals DC moved to the top of the points table after beating Punjab Kings PBKS by 7 wickets in Match 29 of the VIVO Indian Premier League IPL 2021 at the Narendra Modi Stadium in Ahmedabad on Sunday.
Shikhar Dhawan scored a terrific 69* as DC chased down the target with 2 overs to spare after the bowlers restricted PBKS to a total of 166
Chasing a target of 167 DC openers – Prithvi Shaw and Shikhar Dhawan – got off to an impressive start scoring 24 in the first two overs. Shaw creamed two fours and found an edge that travelled all the way for a six against Mohammad Shami.
Dhawan added two fours with two brilliant cricketing shots in the fourth over. Shaw welcomed Ravi Bishnoi to the crease with a lofted shot that went all the way for a maximum.
17 runs came off the final over of the powerplay after Shaw smacked two fours and a six off Jordan and DC were 63/0 after 6 overs.
Harpreet Brar broke the dangerous partnership and castled Shaw on the first ball after the powerplay. Dhawan and Steve Smith knocked the ball around in the middle-overs and developed a steady partnership.
DC were 87/1 at the end of 10 overs with both Dhawan and Smith settled at the crease. Dhawan released some pressure after he targeted the short-boundary for a six against Bishnoi.
Riley Meredith was back into the attack and found success after Smith flicked it straight to Dawid Malan at deep mid-wicket in the 13th over. However Dhawan continued playing his shots as he smacked a six off Bishnoi and reached his half-century.
Rishabh Pant reverse-swept his first delivery for a four to get things going as DC were closing in to the target. DC scored 13 runs off the 15th over against Shami. While Dhawan creamed a four the DC skipper played the pick-up shot to get a maximum.
Pant tried to finish the game in a hurry trying to play a shot that only got the height but not the distance as he was caught at extra cover.
However Shimron Hetmyer played a cameo and smacked two maximums against Meredith followed by a four as DC chased down the target with ease in the end.Earlier PBKS who were put in to bat first were playing without the services of skipper KL Rahul after the batsman was ruled out of the game after he was diagnosed with acute appendicitis. Mayank Agarwal captained the side in Rahul’s absence.
Ishant Sharma bowled a maiden over to start the proceedings as PBKS scored only 6 runs in the first two overs. Prabhsimran Singh hit the first six of the game after targeting the leg-side. However the right-hander was on his way thanks to a sharp catch from Smith.
Chris Gayle started his innings in style after he creamed a four off Avesh Khan and cleared Kagiso Rabada for a six. But it was Rabada who had the last laugh as the right-arm pacer cleaned up Gayle with a full toss and PBKS were 39/2 after 6 overs.
Mayank stitched an important partnership with Malan as the duo added 22 runs in the next three overs.
At the 10-over mark PBKS were 63/2 and were struggling to hit the boundaries in the middle overs while DC bowlers kept things quiet.
Malan played a release shot to get a maximum with a slice over cover followed by a four in the 12th over.
Axar Patel provided the breakthrough for DC after Malan missed a delivery that went on to hit the leg-stump. In the same over a confusion in the middle led to the run-out of Deepak Hooda before the batsman got going and PBKS were 4 down. 
With five overs to go Mayank accelerated and smashed a six each against Rabada and Ishant and brought up his fifty. The PBKS skipper then hit consecutive fours against Axar Patel as the Punjab Kings reached 128/4 at the end of 17 overs.
Avesh Khan bowled a terrific over and gave away only 4 runs in the 18th over as well as scalped the wicket of Shahrukh Khan who was caught inside the circle.
Mayank smacked Rabada for a six straight over the sightscreen but the seamer picked his third wicket in the penultimate over after Jordan was caught in the deep.
Mayank took Avesh Khan to the cleaners in the final over and scored 23 runs that included three fours and a six and his unbeaten 99 helped PBKS post 166 in the first innings.
Brief Scores Delhi Capitals 167/3 Shikhar Dhawan 69* Prithvi Shaw 39 Chris Jordan 1/21 beat Punjab Kings 166/6 Mayank Agarwal 99* Dawid Malan 26 Kagiso Rabada 3/36 by 7 wickets.

Date 02 May 2021

VIVO IPL 2021 Match 28 RR vs SRH – Match Report


Rajasthan Royals were back to winning ways after registering a victory against Sunrisers Hyderabad SRH in Match 28 of the VIVO Indian Premier League IPL 2021 at the Arun Jaitley Stadium in Delhi on Sunday.
Jos Buttler slammed his maiden IPL century powering RR to a huge total before the bowlers restricted SRH to 165 as RR won the game convincingly by 55 runs.
SRH were playing under the fresh leadership of Kane Williamson after the right-handed batsman was announced the skipper of the Sunrisers replacing David Warner.
Chasing a challenging target of 221 SRH openers – Manish Pandey and Jonny Bairstow – provided a solid start to the team. Bairstow attacked Chetan Sakariya’s pace early on and smacked two fours and a six in the third over.
Pandey on the other hand hit his first six of the innings in the next over against Kartik Tyagi. The right-hander then creamed two fours in a row against Chris Morris to bring up the fifty partnership for the opening wicket and SRH were 57/0 after 6 overs.
Mustafizur Rahman broke the Bairstow-Pandey stand right after the powerplay as Pandey was castled courtesy a slower delivery from the left-arm seamer.
Rahul Tewatia then got rid of the dangerous Bairstow in the seventh over after the right-hander was caught in the deep by Anuj Rawat who took a fine catch. SRH were 82/2 at the 10-over mark with Williamson and Vijay Shankar at the crease.
Chris Morris provided the third wicket for RR after Vijay Shankar was caught by David Miller at long-on.
Kedar Jadhav smashed a six to release some pressure but SRH lost their skipper after Morris caught Williamson at deep mid-wicket and Tyagi scalped his first wicket of the innings.
With the required run-rate climbing over 15 Mohammad Nabi hit two fours and a six but once again an SRH batsman sliced it straight to the fielder as Nabi was caught at cover.
With 92 required off the final five overs Abdul Samad dispatched a six and SRH scored 11 of the 16th over.
However Morris struck twice in an over to dismiss Samad and Jadhav. While Samad was caught by Rawat Jadhav was cleaned up by the seamer.
Mustafizur scalped his third wicket of the innings as Rashid Khan was holed out to Morris in the deep. RR bowled extremely well at the death and the target at the end proved to be too high for SRH as they fell short by 55 runs.Earlier RR who were put in to bat first made two changes as Tyagi and Rawat replaced Jaydev Unadkat and Shivam Dube respectively.
RR lost Yashasvi Jaiswal early after Rashid trapped the left-hander LBW with the new ball. Skipper Sanju Samson smashed his first ball for six while Buttler sliced a delivery for four against Khaleel Ahmed and RR were 42/1 at the end of the powerplay.
Vijay Shankar conceded 18 runs in the seventh over after Buttler and Samson smashed a six each straight down the ground to bring the 50 up for RR.
Samson added another four as he and Buttler brought their fifty partnership up for the second wicket in the 8th over after the RR skipper added another four. Manish Pandey dropped Samson’s catch in the outfield in the 10th over as RR moved to 77/1 at the halfway stage of their innings.
Buttler went for the innovation and executed a scoop shot for a four against Khaleel and later reached his half-century in style with a maximum against Sandeep Sharma.
The hundred partnership was up for the duo. Buttler cleared the ropes against Khaleel in the 14th over and then smashed 20 runs off Nabi including two fours and as many sixes as RR were 146/1 with 5 overs to go.
The Buttler-Samson duo added three fours in the next two overs before Vijay Shankar got rid of the RR skipper who was caught in the deep by Samad.
Buttler then struck a four and reached his maiden IPL century off just 56 deliveries.
Riyan Parag smashed a six straightaway after getting in the middle and Buttler continued his merry ways and scored 24 off Sandeep Sharma’s over with Buttler smashing three sixes and a four against the seamer.
However Buttler played on to the stumps on the final delivery of the penultimate over ending a remarkable knock of 124. David Miller finished off the innings in style with a six as RR posted 220/3 in the first innings.
Brief Scores Rajasthan Royals 220/3 Jos Buttler 124 Sanju Samson 48 Rashid Khan 1/24 beat Sunrisers Hyderabad 165/8 Manish Pandey 31 Jonny Bairstow 30 Mustafizur Rahman 3/20 by 55 runs.

Date 01 May 2021

VIVO IPL 2021 Match 27 MI vs CSK – Match Report


A high-scoring thriller in Delhi
Mumbai Indians MI claimed their second consecutive victory in the season after beating Chennai Super Kings CSK by 4 wickets in Match 27 of the VIVO Indian Premier League IPL 2021 at the Arun Jaitley Stadium in Delhi on Saturday.
Kieron Pollard played a majestic knock of 87* off 34 deliveries and helped MI chase down a mammoth target in a high-scoring last-ball thriller.
Chasing a massive target of 219 MI openers – Rohit Sharma and Quinton de Kock started on a positive note and were striking at 10 runs per over in the powerplay.
The boundaries were coming in plenty and de Kock was doing the majority of the scoring before Rohit took over. MI scored 15 off Chahar in the 3rd over as de Kock smashed the first six of MI’s innings.
Meanwhile Rohit launched Ngidi over mid-wicket in the final over for a six and MI were 58-0 after 6 overs.
Shardul Thakur managed to break the opening stand after the MI skipper sliced the ball to Ruturaj in the outfield in the 7th over.
MI got into further trouble after they lost 2 more wickets in the next two overs. Jadeja scalped Suryakumar’s wicket after the right-hander got a faint edge.
On the other hand Moeen dismissed the well-settled de Kock by taking a catch off his own bowling and MI were 81-3 at the end of 10 overs.
With the required run-rate climbing up Pollard accelerated and got the better of Jadeja after scoring 20 runs off the 13th over that included three giant sixes.
The West-Indian all-rounder was dealing in sixes and slammed his half-century off 17 balls. After smacking two sixes against Ngidi Pollard took Shardul to the cleaners scoring 23 runs in the 15th over.
Krunal joined the party and smashed two fours and a six in the 16th over against Ngidi as MI required 50 off the final four.
Sam Curran broke the vital partnership and trapped Krunal lbw with a perfect yorker. The left-armer conceded only 2 runs in the 17th over.
With 48 required off the 3 overs MI scored 17 off Shardul’s over after du Plessis dropped a crucial catch in the outfield that too of Pollard.
Curran bowled the penultimate over and scalped the wickets of Hardik and Neesham after both the batsmen holed out to the deep and the equation was down to 16 off the final over.
Pollard held his nerves and creamed two fours and a six against Ngidi. With 2 runs required off the final ball Pollard got MI over the line and helped them win by 6 wickets.Earlier CSK who were put in to bat first lost Ruturaj Gaikwad in the opening over. Trent Boult provided MI an early wicket after the CSK opener was caught inside the circle.
However CSK didn’t let the pressure of an early wicket get into their minds after du Plessis and Moeen Ali clubbed a six each against Kulkarni and Boult respectively.
Moeen added two more fours followed by a six against Bumrah with a flick of the wrists in the 5th over. The left-hander finished the powerplay with a four and CSK were 49/1 after 6 overs.
The fifty partnership was up for the second wicket as Moeen continued to take on the MI bowling attack. CSK scored 16 off Chahar in the 9th over with both du Plessis and Moeen smacking a six each.
Moeen reached his half-century off just 33 deliveries after he cleared Neesham to smash his fifth six of the innings and CSK were 95-1 after 10 overs.
du Plessis then attacked Bumrah and smashed consecutive sixes followed by a four but the MI pacer broke the dangerous partnership after Moeen was caught behind trying to play an upper-cut.
MI took hold of the game after Pollard scalped two wickets in consecutive deliveries to send du Plessis and Raina back to the pavilion.
du Plessis who tried to play the lap shot was caught at short-fine leg thanks to a fine catch from Bumrah while Raina deposited straight to Krunal in the outfield.
Rayudu and Jadeja then stitched a key partnership with CSK approaching towards the business end of the innings. Rayudu launched Chahar for a maximum in the 15th over followed by two huge hits down the ground against Kulkarni. 
Bumrah conceded 21 runs in the 17th over. While Jadeja creamed a four Rayudu finished the over with 2 sixes and a four off a free-hit. The right-hander carried the exploits to the next over and clobbered two sixes against Boult along with a four to bring up his half-century off just 20 deliveries.
24 runs came off the final two overs as Rayudu finished off the innings with a four and six each and CSK put a massive total of 218/4 on board in the first innings.
Brief ScoresMumbai Indians 219/6 Kieron Pollard 87* Quinton de Kock 38 Sam Curran 3-34 beat Chennai Super Kings 218/4 Ambati Rayudu 72 Moeen Ali 58 Kieron Pollard 2-12 by 4 wickets.

Date 30 Apr 2021

VIVO IPL 2021 Match 26 PBKS vs RCB – Match Report


Punjab Kings PBKS made an impressive comeback in the tournament after registering an impressive victory over Royal Challengers Bangalore RCB in Match 26 of the VIVO Indian Premier League IPL 2021 at the Narendra Modi Stadium in Ahmedabad on Friday.
Harpreet Brar put up a fine all-round show scoring 25 runs and scalping 3 wickets while captain KL Rahul scored an unbeaten 91 off 57 deliveries as PBKS registered their third win of the season.
Chasing a challenging target of 180 RCB lost Devdutt Padikkal early after Riley Meredith after being hit for a six cleaned the left-hander up with extra pace.
Meanwhile Virat Kohli who creamed two fours inside the powerplay was joined by Rajat Patidar as RCB moved to 36/1 after 6 overs.
Kohli clubbed his first maximum of the innings smashing Harpreet straight down the ground as fifty was up for RCB in the 8th over.
At the halfway stage of the innings RCB were 62/1 before Harpreet Brar completely changed the course of the match. The left-arm spinner got two wickets in consecutive deliveries in the 11th over including the big ones of Kohli and Glenn Maxwell after both batsmen were castled.
PBKS then got rid of AB de Villiers who was caught inside the circle as Harpreet scalped his third wicket of the match.
Patidar then released some pressure after he took on Hooda and smacked a four and six each in the 14th over. However the right-hander’s innings came to an end after he miscued one and was caught at long-on off Chris Jordan’s bowling.
Things further got difficult for RCB as they required 88 off the final five and lost two wickets in consecutive deliveries against Bishnoi. While Shahbaz Ahmed was caught in the deep Daniel Sams was cleaned up with a googly.
Harshal Patel and Kyle Jamieson added valuable runs down the order and nearly stitched a fifty-run partnership to get RCB close to the total. Patel smacked 3 fours and 2 sixes and scored 31 off 13 deliveries before he was caught by Bishnoi who took an excellent catch in the deep.
RCB managed to score 145 in the 20 overs but fell well short of the target by 34 runs in the end.Earlier PBKS who were put in to bat first made three changes – Meredith Prabhsimran Singh and Harpreet were included in the eleven.
Openers – Rahul and Prabhsimran – got off to a watchful start before Rahul smacked the first maximum of the game in the second over. Prabhsimran accompanied the skipper with a four off Sams in the third over.
Jamieson provided an early breakthrough for RCB after Prabhsimran was caught inside the circle.
However Chris Gayle came out with an aggressive intent and smashed 5 fours in the final over of powerplay against Jamieson and PBKS were 49/1 after 6 overs.
The left-hander tonked 2 sixes against Yuzvendra Chahal and the fifty partnership was up for the second wicket off just 26 deliveries.
Rahul got into the act and smashed a four and six each off Chahal in the leg-spinner’s second over and PBKS were placed at 90/1 after 10 overs.
Sams scalped the wicket of the dangerous-looking Gayle who tried to go for the hook but ended up giving a simple catch to the keeper.
Rahul added two maximums to the total backed by his timing and got to his half-century in the 11th over. However PBKS lost another wicket after Nicholas Pooran was caught inside the circle off Jamieson for a duck.
RCB spinners provided two additional wickets after both Hooda and Shahrukh Khan got out. While Hooda was caught in the deep off Shahbaz Ahmed’s bowling Shahrukh was cleaned up with a googly from Chahal.
Harshal Patel who was back to bowl at the death conceded eighteen runs. Harpreet Brar crunched a four and six and Rahul finished the 18th over with a fine four.
Siraj conceded only 7 runs in the penultimate over but the last over belonged to the Punjab Kings. 22 runs came off the final over after Rahul smacked two fours and a six while Harpreet finished the innings in style with a maximum as PBKS put 179/5 on the board.
Brief Scores Punjab Kings 179/5 KL Rahul 91* Chris Gayle 46 Kyle Jamieson 2/32 beat Royal Challengers Bangalore 145/8 Virat Kohli 35 Harshal Patel 31 Harpreet Brar 3/19 by 34 runs.

Date 29 Apr 2021

VIVO IPL 2021 Match 25 DC vs KKR – Match Report


Delhi Capitals DC returned to winning ways after registering a comfortable victory over Kolkata Knight Riders in Match 25 of the VIVO Indian Premier League IPL 2021 at the Narendra Modi Stadium in Ahmedabad.
Prithvi Shaw played an exceptional knock at the top scoring 82 off 41 deliveries as DC chased down the total in the 17th over before the bowlers restricted KKR to 154/6.
Chasing 155 DC got off to a breath-taking start. Prithvi Shaw hit six consecutive boundaries against Mavi in the very first over of the innings and raced off to 24 off 6 deliveries.
DC openers put KKR to the backfoot right from the beginning. Shaw hit his first six in the 4th over and the fifty partnership was up already for the DC openers. At the end of powerplay DC were cruising at 67-0.
The duo continued playing top-class shots and maintained the run-rate striking at 10 an over. Dhawan took his time while Prithvi took charge of the hitting.
KKR nearly got Shaw’s wicket after the right-hander lofted Chakravarthy over the ropes as the ball passed through the hands of the outfielder.
The hundred partnership was up for the opening wicket while the KKR bowling attack kept searching for that opening breakthrough.
Shaw and Dhawan smashed a six each in the next two overs. Cummins finally dismissed Dhawan and ended the partnership after the left-hander was trapped in front.
Rishabh Pant attacked Prasidh Krishna’s pace and smacked a four and six each.
KKR found some late success after Cummins dismissed Shaw and the DC skipper in the same over as both the batsmen tried to clear the fence. Stoinis hit the winning runs and DC chased down the total with 21 balls to spare.Earlier an unchanged KKR side were put in to bat first. KKR openers – Gill and Rana were striking at 6 an over. Rana smacked the first six of the innings in the fourth over but the left-hander was stumped on the very next ball against Axar Patel.
Gill and Tripathi creamed three fours in the next two overs and KKR were 45-1 at the end of powerplay.
DC spinners – Lalit Yadav and Axar Patel kept things tight with the ball. Gill released the pressure with a maximum over deep mid-wicket against Patel in the eighth over.
Stoinis found success in the 9th over after he got rid of Tripathi and KKR were 73-2 at the halfway stage of the first innings.
Lalit Yadav scalped two wickets in the 11th over. Both Morgan and Narine were gone without scoring. While Morgan chipped it to Smith in the outfield Narine‘s off-stump was uprooted by the spinner.
Gill couldn’t capitalize on a good start after the right-hander was dismissed for 43 off Avesh Khan’s bowling. Steve Smith completed 50 IPL catches after grabbing Gill’s catch.
Russell and Karthik added crucial 27 runs in the next three overs. Both batsmen tonked a six each but Karthik perished in the 17th over. Axar Patel got his second wicket after Karthik was trapped in front attempting to play the reverse-sweep.
KKR scored 18 runs off the penultimate over by Rabada after Russell clobbered two huge sixes along with a four.
The final over from Avesh Khan gave away 13 runs after Russell finished the innings in style with a maximum helping KKR to put 154/6 on board.
Brief Scores Delhi Capitals 156/3 Prithvi Shaw 82 Shikhar Dhawan 46 Pat Cummins 3/24  beat Kolkata Knight Riders 154/6 Andre Russell 45* Shubman Gill 43 Lalit Yadav 2/13 by 7 wickets.

Date 29 Apr 2021

VIVO IPL 2021 Match 24 MI vs RR – Match Report


Mumbai Indians MI were back to winning ways after registering a victory by seven wickets over Rajasthan Royals in Match 24 of the VIVO Indian Premier League IPL 2021 at the Arun Jaitley Stadium in Delhi on Thursday.
Quinton de Kock scored an unbeaten 70 that helped Mumbai Indians chase down the target with ease before the bowlers restricted RR to a total of 171-4.
Chasing 172 the Mumbai Indians openers were off to a cautious start scoring 27 in the first four overs. After a quiet first couple of overs de Kock smacked two fours and a six. Rohit also attacked from the other end as he introduced his iconic pull shot to bring up his first maximum.
de Kock smashed a four and a six each against Morris in the 6th over. However the pacer broke the 49-run partnership after Rohit was caught by Sakaria at mid-on and MI were 49 for 1 at the end of powerplay.
Suryakumar Yadav started aggressively and the right-hander was off the mark in style with two fours. Both – de Kock and Surya ensured the momentum stood by MI’s side and kept the boundaries flowing off the bat against the RR seamers.
MI were 83-1 after 9 overs before Morris provided the all-important breakthrough to get rid of Surya who scored 16.
Meanwhile de Kock reached his fifty and was joined by Krunal Pandya. Krunal hit his first six of the innings straight down the ground against Tewatia as MI required only 41 off the last five overs.
The equation came down to 32 off 24 deliveries. Krunal smacked Mustafizur for a massive six before he edged one into the stumps.
Pollard wrapped up the chase after Morris conceded 16 runs in his final over and MI sealed a victory by seven wickets.Earlier an unchanged Rajasthan Royals side were put in to bat first against Mumbai Indians who replaced Ishan Kishan with Nathan Coulter Nile.
Openers – Buttler and Jaiswal found it difficult to attack against the MI pacers with the new ball. The duo added 3 boundaries in the first four overs. Buttler was given an early life after being dropped by Chahar.
The right-hander capitalized on the missed chance and smashed a four and six each against Jayant Yadav in the 5th over. Jaiswal on the other hand creamed a four and pulled one against Coulter-Nile for a six with RR 47-0 at the end of powerplay.
Buttler targeted the leg side boundary and clubbed a six each against Jayant and Chahar in the next two overs. However the right-hander got deceived in flight against Chahar and was stumped as MI had their first breakthrough.
RR skipper Sanju Samson started confidently creaming three boundaries against spinners Chahar and Krunal. Jaiswal on the other hand cleared the ropes against Chahar before the left-hander was caught and bowled in the same over.
RR were 91/2 after 10 overs with Dube and Samson in the middle. Dube added 2 more fours to the count after Coulter-Nile conceded just 1 run in the 11th over.
The Royals accelerated post the 14th over and scored 27 in the next two bowled by Jayant and Boult. While Dube muscled Jayant over long-on for a six the RR skipper creamed two fours against Boult.
The 50-run stand was up for the third wicket but MI bounced back with two quick wickets and both settled batsmen were back to the hut.
Samson was castled in the 18th over by Boult who executed the perfect yorker right inside the block hole. On the other end Dube was caught and bowled by Bumrah in the penultimate over.
RR scored 12 off the final over posted a competitive total of 171/4 on the board after Miller hit the final delivery for four.
Brief ScoresMumbai Indians 172-3 Quinton de Kock 70* Krunal Pandya 39 Chris Morris 2-33  beat Rajasthan Royals 171/4 Sanju Samson 42 Jos Buttler 41 Rahul Chahar 2-33 by 7 wickets.

Date 28 Apr 2021

VIVO IPL 2021 Match 23 CSK vs SRH – Match Report


Chennai Super Kings CSK marked their return to the top of the table after registering a comfortable victory over Sunrisers Hyderabad SRH in Match 23 of the VIVO Indian Premier League IPL 2021 at the Arun Jaitley Stadium in Delhi on Wednesday.
Chasing 172 CSK openers continued their rich form and got off to a flying start being in control of the proceedings right from the beginning.
A display of timing and class from the CSK openers – Ruturaj Gaikwad 75 and Faf du Plessis 56 at the top comfortably helped Chennai chase down the target before SRH scored 171/3 on board.
du Plessis took charge of the big-hitting while Ruturaj kept knocking the ball and provided the majority of strike to his partner at the other end.
CSK were dealing in boundaries as du Plessis attacked Khaleel Ahmed and Siddharth Kaul creaming two fours each as the opening pair completed their fifty partnership inside the powerplay.
Ruturaj then took over and started accelerating as the right-hander smacked two fours off Suchith who was bowling his first over. CSK continued to go after the left-arm spinner after Suchith conceded 17 runs in the 9th over of the innings including two fours and a six.
SRH were forced to bring in Rashid Khan into the attack as they were still searching for that first wicket but the opening duo continued adding runs on the board with CSK 91/0 after 10 overs.
Both batsmen slammed half centuries and SRH were struggling to bowl in the presence of dew. Ruturaj shifted gears and further hurt Suchith’s spell after hitting three fours in an over.
The right-hander then hit three additional fours against Rashid before the right-arm spinner disturbed the timber of Ruturaj with a googly and provided SRH their first wicket.
Moeen Ali who was in next played fearlessly right from the start as CSK were closing in to the target. The left-hander smashed three boundaries but Rashid scalped 2 wickets in 2 balls in the final over of his spell. While Moeen holed out to long-on du Plessis was trapped in front.
With just 22 runs required off the final four overs Raina and Jadeja comfortably got the team over the line and scored four boundaries between the two as CSK chased down the total in the 19th over winning the game by 7 wickets.Earlier SRH elected to bat first with both teams making two changes each – Ngidi and Moeen replaced Bravo and Tahir while Sandeep and Manish replaced Abhishek and Virat in their respective sides.
Bairstow was given an early life after he was dropped by MS Dhoni on the very first ball he faced in the innings and SRH had a watchful start scoring 9 in the first two overs.
Warner and Bairstow struck a boundary each in the third over but Curran scalped the wicket of the right-hander after the latter tried to pull the delivery out of the park.
Pandey who joined the SRH skipper added two fours to the total and the Sunrisers were 39/1 at the end of the powerplay.
The duo added 15 runs in the next two overs and were nudging the ball down for singles. SRH managed to stabilize the innings which encouraged Pandey to accelerate his pace as the right-hander clubbed a six against Moeen Ali in the 10th over with SRH 69-1.
While Warner was struggling to slog Pandey continued to play the big shots after he lofted Thakur straight down the ground to break CSK’s momentum.
Pandey slammed his half-century in the 14th over and SRH were eyeing a destructive finish with the bat. He was followed by Warner who not only reached to his 50th IPL fifty but also smacked his 200th six in IPL.
Warner and Pandey brought the 100 partnership up for the second wicket before CSK bounced back with the ball. Ngidi scalped two wickets in an over to dismiss Warner and Pandey both trying to clear the ropes. du Plessis took a terrific catch in the outfield to end Pandey’s stay at the crease.
Williamson seemed to be prepared for the task of finishing at the death as he smashed the ball right from ball one. The right-hander smacked three fours and a six off Thakur in the penultimate over that provided 20 runs.
Jadhav who joined Williamson finished the innings in style with a four and a six against Curran on the final two deliveries of the innings as SRH posted a competitive total of 171/3 in the first innings.
Brief ScoresChennai Super Kings 173-3 Ruturaj Gaikwad 75 Faf du Plessis 56 Rashid Khan 3-36  beat Sunrisers Hyderabad 171/3Manish Pandey 61 David Warner 57 Lungi Ngidi 2-35 by 7 wickets.

Date 27 Apr 2021

VIVO IPL 2021 Match 22 DC vs RCB – Match Report


Royal Challengers Bangalore RCB moved to the top of the points table after they held their nerves to pull off a one-run victory over Delhi Capitals DC in Match 22 of the VIVO Indian Premier League IPL 2021 at the Narendra Modi Stadium in Ahmedabad on Tuesday.
AB de Villiers scored a match-winning 75* that powered RCB to a competitive total before the bowlers defended the target in a final-over thriller.
Chasing a challenging total of 171 DC openers – Prithvi Shaw and Shikhar Dhawan – got off to a flying start scoring 22 off the first two overs after Shaw backed by his wonderful timing smashed three fours off Mohammed Siraj.
Kyle Jamieson came in to bowl the third over of the innings and found success as Dhawan deposited a short delivery straight to Yuzvendra Chahal at third man.
In the very next over Siraj got rid of Steve Smith after the right-hander nicked one back to the keeper and DC were 43/2 after the end of powerplay as Shaw was joined by the DC skipper Rishabh Pant.
RCB capitalised on the two early wickets and put pressure on the DC pair with dot balls. Harshal Patel was given the responsibility of bowling the eighth over and he managed to dismiss Shaw who tried to chase a wide delivery outside off stumps and edged it to de Villiers behind the stumps.
Marcus Stoinis joined Pant in the middle and the Delhi Capitals had a huge task ahead of them. The pair kept rotating the strike but could not find the occasional boundary as DC were struggling at 62/3 at the 10-over mark.
DC started accelerating after the 12th over as Stoinis and Pant smacked two fours each off the bowling of Washington Sundar and Harshal Patel. But the right-arm seamer bounced back in style with a wicket after Stonis edged one to de Villiers who took his third catch of the innings.
Shimron Hetmyer was the next man in and the left-hander was on the attack after smashing a four and six each against Siraj as DC required 61 off the last five overs. Jamieson conceded only 5 runs off his third over and DC were under immense pressure.
But Hetmyer was striking them big after he clubbed three sixes off the 18th over by Jamieson as DC required 25 off the final two overs. The left-hander reached his half-century off only 23 deliveries.
DC scored 11 in the penultimate over after Pant got a timely four and DC required 14 off the final over.
Siraj bowled the final over and conceded only 4 runs off his first four deliveries. While Pant smashed two fours off the final two deliveries and got to his fifty DC fell short of a victory by 1 run requiring 6 off the final delivery.Earlier RCB who were put into bat first made two changes – Rajat Patidar and Daniel Sams replaced Navdeep Saini and Daniel Christian respectively.
RCB openers – Devdutt Padikkal and Virat Kohli – creamed a four each facing Kagiso Rabada’s inswingers and were off to a good start with 16/0 after 2 overs.
Padikkal was given an early life after Axar Patel dropped a difficult skier in the third over. However the RCB openers were back in the hut after two brilliant deliveries from Avesh Khan and Ishant Sharma to dismiss skipper Kohli and Padikkal respectively.
While the RCB skipper chopped on to a delivery close to the stumps Padikkal completely missed the delivery that went on to hit the stumps.
Maxwell who was in next hit his first boundary as RCB were 36/2 after the end of powerplay. The right-hander then smacked two huge sixes in the next two overs against Amit Mishra and Axar developing an important partnership for the third wicket with Patidar on the other end.
Maxwell went for the slog again but holed out to Smith at long-on off Amit Mishra in the 9th over.
Patidar was joined by de Villiers and RCB were 68/3 at the half-way mark of the first innings.
RCB scored 11 off the next over after Patidar tonked Mishra for a six down the ground. de Villiers and Patidar stitched a vital partnership in the middle and kept the pressure on the DC bowlers. Patidar then hooked Ishant Sharma for a six who was back to bowl the 14th over.
de Villiers on the other hand lofted Axar for a maximum but the left-arm spinner broke the important partnership after Patidar was caught by Smith who took a fine catch in the deep.
Sundar joined de Villiers in the middle as the RCB wicketkeeper-batsman continued the boundaries flowing and reached his milestone of 5000 IPL runs.
The right-hander pulled Rabada over deep mid-wicket for a maximum before the pacer dismissed Sundar taking a simple catch off his own bowling.
The fifty was up for de Villiers in the penultimate over as he reached his half-century with a four.
de Villiers finished the innings in style scoring 23 runs off the last over bowled by Stonis as he clobbered 3 sixes in 3 separate parts of the ground guiding RCB to a commanding total of 171-5 after 20 overs.
Brief Scores Royal Challengers Bangalore 171/5 AB de Villiers 75* Rajat Patidar 31 Avesh Khan 1/24  beat Delhi Capitals 170-4 Rishabh Pant 58* Shimron Hetmyer 53* Harshal Patel 2/37 by 1 run.

Date 26 Apr 2021

VIVO IPL 2021 Match 21 PBKS vs KKR – Match Report


Kolkata Knight Riders KKR registered their second victory of the season after beating the Punjab Kings PBKS in Match 21 of the VIVO Indian Premier League IPL 2021 at the Narendra Modi Stadium in Ahmedabad on Monday.
A captain’s knock 47* from Eoin Morgan and a crucial 41 by Rahul Tripathi helped KKR successfully chase the target with 3 overs to spare after the bowlers restricted PBKS to 123/9
Needing 124 runs to win KKR were in early trouble after they lost two wickets in the first two overs. Nitish Rana was out for a duck after the left-hander hit a full-toss from Moises Henriques straight to cover while Shubman Gill was trapped in front trying to play across the line against Mohammad Shami.
In the very next over Sunil Narine got out after Ravi Bisnoi took a brilliant diving catch at deep mid-wicket reducing KKR to 17/3.
Morgan counter-attacked straight away after the left-hander smacked a four and a six in the fourth over against Shami.
Tripathi on the other hand creamed two fours against Arshdeep Singh as KKR recovered after a poor start finishing the powerplay at 42/3.
Tripathi further capitalised and scored 13 off Chris Jordan’s first over including three fours. KKR skipper on the other end was rotating the strike allowing Tripathi to play the aggressor role as the duo brought up their fifty partnership for the fourth wicket.
Deepak Hooda came to the rescue for PBKS and broke the partnership after Tripathi after scoring 41 was caught at long-on by Shahrukh Khan.
Andre Russell joined the KKR skipper who was well settled at the crease and struck two fours as KKR required 26 off the last six overs.
The big-hitter was run-out at the non-striker’s end courtesy a direct-hit from Arshdeep from the short third man.
Morgan took on Hooda and smashed a four and a six over extra-cover in the 16th over while Dinesh Karthik provided the finishing touch with two fours as KKR chased down the total with five wickets in hand.Earlier PBKS who made one change to their playing XI bringing in Jordan to replace Fabian Allen were put in to bat first on a fresh surface in Ahmedabad.
Mayank Agarwal got things going after a quiet first over with a six against Cummins followed by a four from PBKS skipper KL Rahul.
Mayank creamed another four as PBKS added 15 runs in the next 3 overs. Rahul smacked his first six of the innings off Cummins but was on his way the next ball after trying to clear the ropes again as the Punjab Kings were 37/1 after the end of powerplay.
PBKS then lost the wickets of Chris Gayle and Hooda in quick succession. While Gayle edged a delivery off Shivam Mavi Hooda played it straight to Morgan at point off Prasidh Krishna’s bowling.
Mayank who was joined by Nicholas Pooran pulled Prasidh Krishna for a six as PBKS were looking to up the ante.
The right-hander tried to target the short-side boundary against Narine but Rahul Tripathi took a magnificent catch in the deep to provide KKR their fourth wicket.
Pooran smashed Varun Chakravarthy for a six and a four on consecutive deliveries. But KKR pulled back the things once again dismissing Henriques and Pooran.
While Narine who was back to bowl the 14th over disturbed the timber to dismiss Henriques Chakravarthy got Pooran out after the left-hander misread the spinner’s delivery and was castled.
Shahrukh Khan who was joined by Jordan clobbered a massive six against Narine but the Punjab Kings were struggling at 95/6 with three overs to go.
The right-hander was back to the pavilion after trying to go aerial and was followed by Ravi Bishnoi after PBKS batsman got out in a similar fashion against Cummins.
Jordan added some useful runs in the penultimate over after smashing Cummins for a four and a six followed by two huge sixes off Prasidh Krishna. The right-hander got out but got PBKS to 123-9 at the end of 20 overs.
Brief Scores Kolkata Knight Riders 126/5 Eoin Morgan 47* Rahul Tripathi 41 Moises Henriques 1/5 beat Punjab Kings 123/9 Mayank Agarwal 31 Chris Jordan 30 Prasidh Krishna 3/30 by 5 wickets.

Date 25 Apr 2021

VIVO IPL 2021 Match 20 SRH vs DC – Match Report


First Super-Over Finish of VIVO IPL 2021
Delhi Capitals DC beat Sunrisers Hyderabad SRH in a Super-Over thriller in Match 20 of the VIVO Indian Premier League IPL 2021 at the M. A. Chidambaram Stadium in Chennai on Sunday.
Prithvi Shaw and Kane Williamson top-scored for their respective sides but the contest turned out to be a nail-biter and it was DC who eventually emerged victorious in a close contest.
Chasing a target of 160 SRH openers – David Warner and Jonny Bairstow – got off to a watchful start scoring 10 in the first two overs.
Bairstow got going and smacked a four and six each off Marcus Stoinis and then clubbed Ashwin for a maximum. However SRH lost their skipper after he was run-out at the striker’s end in the fourth over.
Bairstow continued to take on the DC spinners and added a six and a four to his count scoring 11 runs off the 5th over bowled by Axar Patel.
Williamson who had joined Bairstow in the middle after Warner’s dismissal was up and away with two fours as well. Bairstow attacked Avesh Khan’s pace and launched it out of the ground but was dismissed on the very next ball after hitting the ball straight to Dhawan at mid-on and SRH ended the powerplay with a total of 56/2.
Virat Singh joined Williamson as SRH added only 8 runs in the next two overs courtesy some tight bowling from DC spinners – Ashwin and Mishra.
Williamson eased off some pressure and scored consecutive fours off Mishra with required run-rate rising up. The right-hander then hit Ashwin for a four with a well-executed reverse-sweep but Virat Singh was struggling on the other end with SRH 80/2 at the 10-over mark.
Virat Singh’s time at the crease was put to end after Avesh scalped his second wicket of the innings thanks to a wonderful catch by Stoinis at mid-wicket.
Kedar Jadhav and Williamson added two more fours to the boundary count but Mishra cleverly deceived Jadhav with flight and scalped a timely wicket for DC.
The pressure was building on SRH as they required 43 off the final four overs and Axar struck twice in consecutive deliveries. Both – Abhishek Sharma and Rashid Khan – were trapped in front in the 17th over.
Vijay Shankar and the well-settled Williamson added 11 runs off Mishra’s over with SRH requiring 28 runs off the final two.
Avesh Khan bowled the penultimate over and castled Shankar’s stumps to pick his third wicket before J Suchith smashed a six and four off the final two balls of the over.
With 16 runs required off the final over Suchith came to the rescue for SRH and hit Rabada for a four and a six in a thrilling finish to the game. With 2 required off the final delivery the match was tied and went to a Super Over.
DC went ahead with Axar Patel in the Super Over against Warner and Williamson. SRH only hit one four and set a target of 8 runs after a short-run from Warner on the last delivery.
SRH chose Rashid Khan to defend 8 runs against Dhawan and Pant. The DC skipper reverse swept Rashid for a crucial four on the third delivery. With one run required off the final ball DC squeezed in a tight run and beat SRH in the Super Over.Earlier DC opted to bat first and made one change – Axar Patel replaced Lalit Yadav in the eleven. Shaw started the innings in style scoring a hat-trick of fours on the first three balls of the innings against Khaleel Ahmed.
The second over was no different after Abhishek Sharma conceded 14 runs that included three fours and Dhawan was off the mark. Shaw then attacked Siddarth Kaul’s pace and scored the first maximum of the innings.
The DC openers kept the momentum going and brought their fifty partnership up for the opening wicket as DC were 51/0 at the end of powerplay.
SRH bowled a couple of quiet overs after the powerplay but Dhawan was back on the attack after scoring consecutive fours consecutive boundaries of Suchith who was playing his first game for SRH.
SRH brought Rashid to the attack as they were searching for the opening wicket but Shaw backed his confidence and smashed the leg-spinner over extra-cover for a four as he notched up his half-century in the 10th over with DC 81/0.
SRH finally found the breakthrough after Rashid castled Dhawan’s stumps with a quicker one. Shaw was on his way too in the next over after the right-hander was run-out on the non-strikers end due to confusion with his partner and the DC skipper Rishabh Pant.
Steve Smith and Pant built a steady partnership in the second half of the innings and kept the boundaries flowing off the bat. While Pant was playing the aggressor role Smith was smartly rotating the strike giving the DC skipper a majority of time in the middle.
Pant smacked a six over long-on and then creamed consecutive boundaries off Rashid Khan as DC were 127 with four overs to go.
The duo added 11 runs off the 18th over by Khaleel Ahmed hitting two fours to the left-arm seamer but the DC skipper was on his way in the next over after the left-hander holed out into the deep off Kaul who bowled a slower delivery.
Shimron Hetmyer got out in similar fashion in the same over but Smith smashed 14 runs off the final over off Khaleel Ahmed with a four and a six each and powered DC to a total of 159/4.
Brief Scores Delhi Capitals 159/4 Prithvi Shaw 53 Rishabh Pant 37 Siddarth Kaul 2/31 tied Sunrisers Hyderabad 159/7 Kane Williamson 66* Jonny Bairstow 38 Avesh Khan 3/34
Super Over
Delhi Capitals 8/0 beat Sunrisers Hyderabad 7/0

Date 25 Apr 2021

VIVO IPL 2021 Match 19 CSK vs RCB – Match Report


Chennai Super Kings CSK went to the top of the points table after a victory over the Royal Challengers Bangalore RCB in Match 19 of the VIVO Indian Premier League IPL 2021 at the Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai on Sunday.
Ravindra Jadeja smashed an unbeaten 62 off 28 deliveries including 37 runs off the final over and then picked 3/13 with the ball along with a direct-hit as CSK after scoring 191/4 restricted RCB to 122/9 to seal a 69-run win.
In the chase RCB openers – skipper Virat Kohli and Devdutt Padikkal – responded confidently with a solid start and were 28/0 after the two overs.
While the RCB skipper started the innings with a four Padikkal smacked two sixes and a four continuing his fine form from the last game.
The left-hander then creamed three fours in an over off Deepak Chahar but RCB lost Kohli after he edged one to Dhoni off Sam Curran. Shardul Thakur then got rid of the dangerous Padikkal who was caught inside the circle.
Maxwell started his innings with a couple of fours and joined Washington Sundar on the other end. Jadeja struck twice in his two overs scalping the wickets of Sundar and then Maxwell.
While Sundar holed out into the deep Maxwell was castled by Jadeja after the right-hander tried to play across the line.
There was no stopping the CSK all-rounder as a bullet throw by him wrapped things for Dan Christian who got out for a single-digit score.
In the very next over Jadeja bamboozled AB de Villiers with a beauty deceiving the right-hander with flight that went on to hit the stumps.
Imran Tahir joined the wicket-taking party after he dismissed Harshal Patel and Navdeep Saini and RCB were reduced to 94-8 at the end of 14 overs. While the leg-spinner disturbed the timber to dismiss Patel Saini edged it to Raina at slips.
Kyle Jamieson smacked a six off Bravo in the 16th over but was on his way courtesy a successful direct-hit from Imran Tahir.
Siraj and Chahal continued taking the singles and remained unbeaten at the end carrying RCB to 122/9 at the end of 20 overs.Earlier CSK opted to bat first with both sides making two changes each – Bravo and Tahir replaced Moeen Ali and Lungi Ngidi – while Christian and Saini replaced Kane Richardson and Shahbaz Ahmed in their respective sides.
Openers – Ruturaj Gaikwad and Faf du Plessis found it difficult to attack initially and RCB seamers started well with the new ball. But it didn’t take too long for du Plessis to hit the first maximum after he came down the track to Mohammed Siraj followed by a four by Ruturaj who hit the ball in similar fashion.
du Plessis then creamed two fours off Jamieson in the fourth over and CSK were off to a fine start. Ruturaj added two more fours on the other end as CSK finished the powerplay scoring 51 without losing a wicket.
Ruturaj then attacked Chahal and smacked his first six straight down the ground. CSK openers continued playing the aggressive shots in the middle overs but RCB finally found the breakthrough after Ruturaj tried to slog Chahal but was caught in the deep.
Raina came in at number 3 and was straightaway on the move after he smacked a maximum each against Chahal and Sundar along with a four off Christian as CSK brought their 100 up in the 13th over that was bowled by Saini who conceded 13 runs including a six from Raina.
While du Plessis reached his half century Harshal Patel struck twice in the same over scalping the wickets of Raina and du Plessis both getting caught in the deep.
The two new batsmen – Jadeja and Ambati Rayudu counter-attacked and stitched a quick partnership as RCB misfielded on a couple of occasions. Jadeja hit two fours while Rayudu hit one out of the ground in the 16th over by Jamieson who conceded 17 runs.
Siraj conceded only 6 runs in the next over and bowled excellently. Harshal took advantage of that pressure and dismissed Rayudu who tried to clear the boundary.
Jadeja finished off in grand style that too off the bowling of Harshal and completely changed the course of the game smashing 37 runs off the final over clobbering five sixes and one four as CSK finished the innings with a commanding total of 191/4 on board.
Brief Scores Chennai Super Kings 191/4 Ravindra Jadeja 62* Faf du Plessis 50 Harshal Patel 3/51 beat Royal Challengers Bangalore 122/9 Devdutt Padikkal 34 Glenn Maxwell 22 Ravindra Jadeja 3/13 by 69 runs.

Date 24 Apr 2021

VIVO IPL 2021 Match 18 RR VS KKR – Match Report


Rajasthan Royals RR returned to winning ways after a victory over the Kolkata Knight Riders KKR in Match 18 of the VIVO Indian Premier League IPL 2021 at the Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai on Saturday.
Chris Morris shone with the ball with figures of 4/23 before skipper Sanju Samson led from the front with the bat and helped RR register a convincing victory over KKR.
Chasing a target of 134 RR had a new opening pair of Yashasvi Jaiswal who was brought into the team replacing Manan Vohra and Jos Buttler in the middle.
Jaiswal started confidently and scored consecutive fours off Pat Cummins in the second over and later took on Shivam Mavi to produce the same result.
Varun Chakaravarthy was given the ball in the third over and the spinner trapped Buttler in front to provide an early breakthrough for KKR. Sanju Samson was off the mark with a four and joined Jaiswal who was striking the ball well.
However the left-handed opener played one into the hands of deep-cover and was back to the pavilion after Mavi struck in the fifth over.
Shivam Dube who joined the skipper smacked a six in the final over of powerplay as RR finished with 50-2 after 6 overs.
Dube and Samson added some crucial runs in the middle and didn’t shy away from playing the big shots. The duo smacked a six each and the required run-rate dipped below six at the end of nine overs with RR at 77/2.
Chakaravarthy came back to bowl the 11th over and broke the 45-run stand after Dube found a leading edge that flew into the hands of the short-third man.
RR were searching for boundaries in the middle over and the pressure got the better of Rahul Tewatia as the left-hander was caught at fine-leg after trying to take on Prasidh Krishna.
KKR pacers – Mavi and Prasidh Krishna – were bowling their heart out and kept the pressure on Samson and David Miller as RR took the chase deep with 21 required off the final four overs.
Miller took the pressure off the RR skipper and took charge of finishing the innings for RR with Sanju smartly rotating the strike on the other end.
Miller and Samson finished the chase with a clear and calm intent as RR reached the target in the penultimate over with six wickets in hand.Earlier KKR who made one change to their playing XI – bringing in Shivam Mavi in place of Kamlesh Nagarkoti were put in to bat first.
KKR openers Nitish Rana and Shubman Gill were watchful at the start against the two left-armers – Jaydev Unadkat and Chetan Sakariya scoring 14 in the first three overs.
Gill hit a four in the fourth over and was given a life off Mustafizur Rahman’s bowling after the right-hander was dropped on 6 by Jasiwal.
RR were right on the money with the new ball and the pressure they applied helped them to scalp a wicket.
Gill tried to sneak in a single in the 6th over but Jos Buttler’s sharp fielding inside the circle denied a run to the opener and his excellent direct-hit sent Gill was on his way with KKR 25-1 at the end of powerplay.
Rahul Tripathi who came in at 3 was off the mark with a four while Rana finished the over in style with a six off Unadkat.
Rana tried to go hard and up the scoring rate in the 9th over but ended up edging the ball back to the keeper as Sakariya picked his first wicket of the innings.
KKR sent Narine in at 4 to increase the scoring rate through his fearless shots. The left-hander hit a four but was soon on his way after he top-edged a slower delivery by Unadkat to Yashasvi Jaiswal who redeemed himself with a blinder.
Not much later KKR skipper Eoin Morgan was run out in an unfortunate manner following a bit of miscommunication with his partner Tripathi as KKR lost their fourth wicket.
Tripathi smacked two sixes and was going strong on one end as Dinesh Karthik joined him. KKR were striking a tad over 6 with five overs to go after Karthik hit two fours.
Mustafizur was back with his slow cutters and the left-armer scalped an important wicket of the well-settled Tripathi who holed out in the deep after scoring.
KKR smashed 12 runs off the 17th over by Sakariya who overstepped and conceded a four off a free-hit followed by a couple of wide deliveries.
Morris scalped two wickets in the eighteenth over. First he got the better of Andre Russell who just started to explode and then the wicket of Karthik as both the batsmen couldn’t clear the fielders at long-on and extra-cover respectively.
After 9 runs coming in the penultimate over Pat Cummins started the final over with a maximum. However Morris added two more wickets to his tally with his impressive bowling. Cummins hit straight to Riyan Parag while Shivam Mavi was castled off the final delivery as KKR ended with a total of 133/9.
Brief Scores Rajasthan Royals 134/4 Sanju Samson 42* David Miller 24 Varun Chakaravarthy 2/32 beat Kolkata Knight Riders 133/9 Rahul Tripathi 36 Dinesh Karthik 25 Chris Morris 4/23 by 6 wickets.

Date 23 Apr 2021

VIVO IPL 2021 Match 17 PBKS vs MI – Match Report


Punjab Kings PBKS returned to winning ways in the tournament after a victory over the Mumbai Indians MI in Match 17 of the VIVO Indian Premier League IPL 2021 at the M. A. Chidambaram Stadium in Chennai on Friday.
After the bowlers restricted MI to 131/6 a captain’s knock from KL Rahul guided PBKS to a 9-wicket victory.
Chasing 132 the PBKS openers – Mayank Agarwal and KL Rahul – got to a flier after Krunal Pandya was asked to bowl the second over with the new ball.
PBKS skipper started the second over with two fours while Agarwal finished it with a remarkable extra-cover lofted shot for six. Rahul then pulled Bumrah in the next over for a six over fine-leg.
Mayank smashed 12 runs off the fourth over by Trent Boult with a couple of fours and PBKS were on the move as they raced to 45/0 at the end of powerplay.
The fifty-run partnership was up for the opening wicket and the chase was going smoothly for the PBKS.
It was Rahul Chahar again who turned out to be the solution to MI’s worries as the leg-spinner dismissed Agarwal after the right-hander was caught in the deep.
Punjab Kings were 62/1 and MI capitalised on the breakthrough by adding pressure with spinners Chahar and Jayant Yadav who kept things tight from both ends.
Gayle got going for PBKS and was taking calculated risks against the MI spinners as he struck three boundaries.
Rahul then attacked a loose delivery from Pollard and hit a flat six over fine-leg while Gayle smacked his first six of the innings against Jayant Yadav in the next over.
The ask for PBKS was run-a-ball with 9 wickets in hand and four overs to go. Bumrah conceded only seven runs in the next over.
The Punjab Kings skipper then brought up his half-century and both Gayle and Rahul smashed a six each off Boult in the 17th over. Rahul finished the chase in style with a four as PBKS successfully chased down the target with 14 balls to spare.Earlier MI who were put in to bat first remained unchanged from their previous game against Delhi Capitals. They were in early trouble after Quinton de Kock was caught inside the circle in the second over off Deepak Hooda.
PBKS put MI to the backfoot with the new ball and didn’t allow them any opportunities to score until the 5th over before the MI skipper put a full-toss away for four. At the end of powerplay MI were restricted to 21/1.
Ravi Bishnoi was introduced to the attack and the right-arm spinner got Ishan Kishan out with a googly after the left-hander edged one to Rahul behind the stumps.
MI skipper who was joined by Suryakumar Yadav then creamed two fours off the first two balls of Fabian Allen in the eighth over.
While Bishnoi was bowling tight lines from one end Rohit continued attacking Allen as he cleared the ropes for a maximum and MI were 49-2 at the 10-over mark.
Rohit then took on Hooda to produce the same result. Surya joined the party with a four and a six each off his blade as the fifty partnership was up between the two.
Rohit notched up his first fifty of the season in style with a four and Surya continued to bat with freedom with MI scoring 12 off the 14th over by Bishnoi.  
The 100 was up for MI with five overs remaining in the innings and the well-established duo of Rohit-Surya was ready to accelerate.
Bishnoi was back to bowl the 17th over of the innings and broke the dangerous partnership after Surya mistimed a reverse-sweep that went straight to the hands of Chris Gayle.
PBKS then got rid of MI skipper after Rohit was caught in the deep by Allen off Shami.
Pollard who was the next man in clubbed a six on the first ball of the penultimate over by Arshdeep Singh. However the left-arm pacer found success in the same over after scalping the wicket of Hardik Pandya who was holed out into the deep.
Shami bowled an excellent last over conceding only 6 runs as well as found a breakthrough in form of Krunal Pandya as MI put 131/6 on the board in the first innings.
Brief Scores Punjab Kings 132/1 KL Rahul 60* Chris Gayle 43* Rahul Chahar 1/19 beat Mumbai Indians 131/6 Rohit Sharma 63 Suryakumar Yadav 33 Ravi Bishnoi 2/21 Mohammad Shami 2/21 by 9 wickets

Date 22 Apr 2021

VIVO IPL 2021 Match 16 RCB vs RR – Match Report


Royal Challengers Bangalore RCB continued their winning run with an emphatic victory over the Rajasthan Royals RR in Match 16 of the VIVO Indian Premier League IPL 2021 at the Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai on Thursday.
Devdutt Padikkal slammed his first IPL hundred while skipper Virat Kohli scored a remarkable 72* as RCB dominated in the truest form chasing the target of 177 with 21 balls to spare and ten wickets in hand against RR.
Chasing a total of 178 RCB openers - Kohli and Padikkal – got off to a solid start.
Kohli smacked a six down the ground to get off the mark after RR opened the bowling with Shreyas Gopal. The leg-spinner was then hit for two fours by Padikkal and conceded ten runs after he was back to bowl the third over.
The RCB duo also put Chris Morris under pressure and scored 15 off the fourth over. Padikkal started the over with two fours and Kohli ended the over in style producing the same result.
Padikkal capitalised further and it was Mustafizur Rahman who was at the receiving end conceding 10 runs. The left-handed opener finished the powerplay in style with a maximum as RCB raced off to 59/0 at the end of six overs.
RCB smashed 48 runs in the next four overs and it was Padikkal who owned the explosion for RCB in the middle overs. He slammed his fifty in style with a boundary off Riyan Parag and then hit the spinner for a maximum straight over the head to end the over.
The very next over saw Padikkal smash consecutive sixes off Rahul Tewatia’s bowling followed by yet another maximum off the left-handers bat in the 10th over as the hundred partnership was up for the opening wicket.
Kohli took charge of the hitting after the ten-over mark and was dealing in boundaries which also included a lofted six over long-off the bowling of Morris.
Not only did Kohli notch-up his first half-century of the season he also became the first batsman to score 6000 runs in IPL.
The RCB skipper then hammered Shreyas Gopal for two fours and a six as the Royal Challengers were closing in to the total without losing any wickets.
With just eight runs required off the final four overs Padikkal ended the chase in style with a top-class century that proved to be the icing on the cake for RCB as they chased down the total without losing any wicket.Earlier RR who were put in to bat made one change – Shreyas Gopal replaced Jaydev Unadkat in the playing XI.
Jos Buttler struck two fours towards the leg side in the very first over off Mohammed Siraj. Manan Vohra opened his account with a four against Kyle Jamieson at the other end after the right-arm pacer troubled the opener with bounce.
However Siraj found an early breakthrough after he disturbed the timber to dismiss Buttler.
RR then lost the wickets of Manan Vohra and David Miller in the next two overs and were in early trouble. Vohra lofted the ball in the air but didn’t find the required distance to clear mid-on as Jamieson found his first wicket.
Siraj then scalped his second wicket with a toe-crushing yorker that surprised Miller after the left-hander was trapped in front and RR were 32/3 at the end of 6 overs.
RR skipper Sanju Samson and Shivam Dube were the two new batsmen in the middle. Samson smacked Sundar for a maximum after RR were struggling with the scoring rate. However the right-hander fell to a soft dismissal and was caught by Maxwell inside the circle in the same over.
The breakthrough didn’t affect Dube’s approach as the left-hander scored 19 off the Chahal over that included two huge sixes and a four.
Dube then attacked Kane Richardson creaming two fours off the right-arm pacer and RR were back on the track with 81/4 after 11 overs.
The next over went for 15 runs as Harshal Patel conceded 3 fours in his first over of the innings and Riyan Parag was playing a good hand supporting the well-settled Dube.
The Dube-Riyan Parag pair completed a fifty-run partnership. But the right-hander tried scooping Harshal Patel only to find an edge that carried to Chahal at third-man.
Rahul Tewatia came to the crease with an aggressive mindset and was off the mark with a maximum over the fine-leg fielder. The left-hander added two more fours to the total and RR were in a strong position approaching towards the business end of the innings.
RCB however got the timely wicket of Dube after Maxwell took a brilliant catch in the outfield to dismiss the left-hander who fell four short of his fifty.
RR reached to the 150-run mark in the 18th over with Chris Morris and a well settled Tewatia at the crease. Morris hit his first six courtesy a full toss from Jamieson.    
Tewatia was striking it clean as he smashed Siraj for a four and six each before the right-arm pacer got the better of the left-hander and ended his fine knock of 4023.
Patel added two more wickets to his tally after he got rid of Morris and Chetan Sakariya in two deliveries. A six at the end from Shreyas Gopal helped RR post 177-9 on the board.
Brief Scores Royal Challengers Bangalore 181/0 Devdutt Padikkal 101* Virat Kohli 72* beat Rajasthan Royals 177/9 Shivam Dube 46 Rahul Tewatia 40 Mohammed Siraj 3/27 by 10 wickets.

Date 21 Apr 2021

VIVO IPL 2021 Match 15 KKR vs CSK – Match Report


What a thriller we have had at Wankhede
Chennai Super Kings CSK registered their third successive win after overcoming a spirited Kolkata Knight Riders KKR unit in Match 15 of the VIVO Indian Premier League IPL 2021 in Mumbai on Wednesday.
Faf du Plessis scored an unbeaten 95 while Deepak Chahar picked 4/29 as CSK held their nerves against KKR in a run-fest.
Chasing a mammoth target of 221 KKR didn’t get the desired start. They lost Shubman Gill in the first over after the right-hander produced a thick edge that travelled straight to the third-man giving Chahar his first wicket of the match.
Nitish Rana creamed two boundaries before he made his way back to the pavilion. The left-hander hit the ball in the air and the CSK skipper MS Dhoni safely collected the ball as Chahar picked his second wicket.
The right-arm pacer was back to bowl the fifth over and struck twice to get the big wicket of KKR skipper Eoin Morgan and then of Sunil Narine. While Morgan edged one to Dhoni Narine was dismissed to a sensational catch from Ravindra Jadeja in the circle.
With 31/4 after 5 overs and Andre Russell and Dinesh Karthik at the crease KKR batsmen had no options but back their natural abilities in order to get close to the steep target.
Russell started the exploits in the sixth over after the right-hander smashed two fours and a six off Ngidi and gave a hint of what’s coming next in the upcoming overs.
Karthik also didn’t hold back and smashed Chahar for a massive six in the eighth over followed by a four off Jadeja.
Russell then hammered 24 runs off the ninth over bowled by Shardul Thakur where the West-Indian all-rounder tonked three sixes and a four as KKR moved to 97/5 after the end of 10 overs.
The Karthik-Russell duo then added 14 off the Jadeja over and with Russell taking advantage of the free-hit with a gigantic six and notching up his half century in style off just 21 deliveries.
Sam Curran returned into the attack in the 12th over and put an anticlimactic end to the Russell show after the right-hander was bowled around his legs. Karthik though carried on the hustle and hit a four and a six in the same over.
Pat Cummins who had replaced Russell in the middle was on the move and was dealing in boundaries from the other end but Karthik got dismissed after he completely misjudged the slower delivery from Ngidi and was out LBW.
However Cummins had his plans in place and scored 30 runs off the 16th over by Curran that included four sixes and a four in the cleanest form of striking the ball.
Ngidi who bowled the 17th over of the innings scalped the wicket of Kamlesh Nagarkoti before Cummins reached his half-century in 23 balls.
With 28 required off the final two Cummins started the over with a maximum but lost yet another partner in an attempt to take a double as KKR lost their ninth wicket.
KKR required 20 off the final over. CSK on the very first delivery completed a run-out on the non-strikers end and managed to defend the total in the end.Earlier CSK were put in to bat first and made one change to their XI – Lungi Ngidi played in place of Dwayne Bravo.
Ruturaj Gaikwad and Faf du Plessis started on a confident note and smashed 15 runs off the second over by Pat Cummins. du Plessis began the over with a four while Ruturaj smashed a four and six each.
The opening duo didn’t let the KKR spinners – Varun Chakravarthy and Sunil Narine settle with the new ball.
The fifty partnership was up for the opening wicket and both du Plessis and Ruturaj made full use of the pace and lightning-quick outfield at Wankhede as CSK were 54/0 at the end of 6 overs.
Ruturaj welcomed Russell to the crease with a glorious pull over deep mid-wicket that went for a maximum and closed the over with a four played in the same fashion.
CSK were going strong at the end of the ten-over mark scoring 82 runs without losing any wicket.
They hammered 16 runs off Kamlesh Nagarkoti who was bowling his first over of the game after Ruturaj cleared the ropes twice with his hard-hitting and completed an impressive fifty off just 33 deliveries.
The next-over was even better for the batting side after Prasidh Krishna overstepped twice and gave away 17 runs that included a four and a six courtesy Ruturaj’s brilliant striking.
Chakravarthy came in to bowl the final over of his spell and got the breakthrough that KKR were looking for. Ruturaj’s fine knock of 64 off 42 deliveries ended after the right-hander played it straight to the hands of Cummins who took a sharp catch in the outfield.
Meanwhile du Plessis brought up his half-century with a four and was joined by Moeen Ali with CSK eying a big total.
Cummins then gave away 14 runs and the pressure levels were up for the KKR. Moeen and du Plessis then smacked a six and a four each off the bowling of Prasidh Krishna in the next over.
Moeen then took on Narine for a four and six in the first two deliveries before Narine got the better of the left-hander who was stumped on the next delivery.
CSK skipper MS Dhoni promoted himself up the order and hit two fours and a six before du Plessis creamed three fours in a row to Russell in the penultimate over. KKR found success in the 19th over thanks to a sensational catch from KKR skipper Eoin Morgan to get the wicket of Dhoni.
CSK finished in grand fashion after du Plessis smashed two sixes while Jadeja cleared the ropes on the final ball of the innings as CSK put 220/3 on the board.
Brief Scores Chennai Super Kings 220/3 Faf du Plessis 95* Ruturaj Gaikwad 64 Varun Chakravarthy 1/27 beat Kolkata Knight Riders 202 all out Pat Cummins 66* Andre Russell 54 Deepak Chahar 4/29 by 18 runs.

Date 21 Apr 2021

VIVO IPL 2021 Match 14 PBKS vs SRH – Match Report


Sunrisers Hyderabad SRH claimed their first victory of the season after comprehensively beating the Punjab Kings PBKS in Match 14 of the VIVO Indian Premier League IPL 2021 at the M. A Chidambaram Stadium in Chennai on Wednesday.
Jonny Bairstow top-scored with the bat and successfully led the SRH chase after PBKS were bundled for 120 thanks to Khaleel Ahmed’s impressive figures of 3/21.
Chasing a target of 121 openers David Warner and Bairstow got off to a solid start to their innings. PBKS started early with spinner Fabian Allen who was hit for four and a six by Bairstow in the second over.
The right-hander then flicked Mohammad Shami for a four in the next over before Warner played the cut off the seamer to produce the same result.
All-rounder Moises Henriques was greeted with a maximum by Bairstow who took full advantage of the loosener. Warner scored 10 runs off Arshdeep Singh in the 6th over to bring up the fifty partnership for the opening wicket and SRH were 50/0 at the end of powerplay.
The opening duo played out a couple of quiet overs bowled by PBKS spinners who conceded only sixteen runs in the next 3 overs.
Warner hit his first six of the innings against Deepak Hooda over extra-cover as SRH were 73 for no loss at the end of ten overs.
PBKS finally found their first breakthrough after Allen got rid of the SRH skipper who holed out to deep in the 11th over which was a wicket-maiden.
Kane Williamson who joined Bairstow in the middle kept rotating the strike with the opener. While the boundaries weren’t coming off the bat the required run-rate was less than 6 for SRH.
The 100 was up for SRH in the 16th over and they were closing in to the target comfortably without having to take any risks.
Murugan Ahswin continued bowling tight lengths and conceded only 4 runs in the 17th.
Bairstow brought up his fifty in style with a four off Hooda and further smacked Arshdeep for a maximum with a clean strike as SRH chased down the total in the 19th over with 8 balls to spare.Earlier PBKS decided to bat first on a dry Chennai surface and made two changes as Allen and Henriques made their PBKS debuts.
Agarwal who opened alongside PBKS skipper KL Rahul got an early life after Rashid Khan spilled the right-hander’s catch in the deep in the first over as the PBKS got off to a watchful start.
Bhuvneshwar Kumar struck early for SRH and bagged the important wicket of KL Rahul who was caught inside the circle.
Agarwal and Chris Gayle got PBKS to 32/1 scoring below 6 runs an over at the end of powerplay as Bhuvneshwar bowled 3 overs on the trot inside the powerplay.
Agarwal fell right after the powerplay in similar fashion to KL Rahul after Rashid took a sharp catch at mid-wicket and made up for his earlier drop.
PBKS lost yet another wicket to an excellent piece of fielding from SRH after a direct-hit from Warner ran Nicholas Pooran out. The left-hander was dismissed without facing a delivery.
Things went from bad to worse for PBKS after Gayle was trapped in front by Rashid reducing them 53/4 at the end of the 10-over mark.
Shahrukh Khan and Moises Henriques added 19 runs between them. But Abhishek Sharma ended the partnership to pick up his second wicket of the innings after Henriques was stumped in an attempt to clear the ropes.
PBKS crossed the 100-run mark in the 17th over and Shahrukh added some vital runs to the total but SRH picked their seventh wicket of the innings after Allen was dismissed after Warner at extra-cover took an athletic catch.
In the penultimate over Shahrukh tried to go big against Khaleel but was caught in the deep by Abhishek who completed a simple catch. PBKS lost their final two wickets in the 20th over and were bundled out for 120. First Murugan Ashwin nicked one to the keeper off Siddarth Kaul’s bowling and then Shami was run out on the final delivery of the innings.
Brief Scores Sunrisers Hyderabad 121/1 Jonny Bairstow 63* David Warner 37 Fabian Allen 1/22 beat Punjab Kings 120 all out Shahrukh Khan 22 Mayank Agarwal 22 Khaleel Ahmed 3/21 by 9 wickets.

Date 20 Apr 2021

VIVO IPL 2021 Match 13 DC vs MI – Match Report


Delhi Capitals DC registered their second consecutive victory in the season after beating the Mumbai Indians MI by six wickets in Match 13 of the VIVO Indian Premier League IPL 2021 at the M. A Chidambaram Stadium in Chennai on Tuesday.
Amit Mishra scalped four important wickets while Shikhar Dhawan led from the top with the bat to get DC over the line against MI.
DC who were chasing a target of 138 made two changes from the previous game bringing in Shimron Hetmyer and Mishra.
In the very first over Dhawan survived a close call despite a stunning fielding effort from Hardik Pandya in the covers.
MI though got an early wicket in form of Prithvi Shaw after the right-hander was caught and bowled by Jayant Yadav in the second over.
Dhawan who was joined by Steve Smith in the middle carried his rich form into the innings and built a steady partnership with the right-hander.
The duo denied MI an additional wicket in the powerplay and DC finished with 39-1 at the end of six overs.
Both Dhawan and Smith kept rotating the strike and refrained to play risky shots keeping the target in mind.
Smith creamed two fours off Krunal Pandya in the ninth over and brought up the fifty partnership along with Dhawan for the second wicket.
Kieron Pollard who bowled the 11th over of the innings provided the all-important breakthrough of Smith after the right-hander was trapped in front for 33.
Dhawan continued playing with confidence hitting two fours in the next two overs as he was joined by Lalit Yadav who kept rotating the strike.
While MI didn’t strike in the middle overs they kept mounting the pressure on Dhawan and Yadav as DC required 48 off 36.
Dhawan smashed a four and six respectively on the first two deliveries off Rahul Chahar’s bowling but the leg-spinner bounced back with a wicket after the DC opener was caught in the deep to a good low-catch by Krunal Pandya.
DC skipper Rishabh Pant was the next man to get out as Bumrah’s slower delivery did the trick. The left-hander was dismissed after hitting one four as DC required 22 off the last three overs.
Shimron Hetmyer who joined Yadav in the middle got off the mark with a four as DC were closing in to the target. Bumrah conceded ten runs in the penultimate over after overstepping twice as DC required 5 in the last over.
Hetmyer kept his calm and chased down the total with a crucial four after Pollard bowled the final over of the innings.Earlier MI opted to bowl first on a dry wicket in Chennai and made one change – Jayant replaced Adam Milne in the playing XI.
Marcus Stoinis handled the new ball responsibility very well and got an early wicket for DC after de Kock edged one to the wicketkeeper and walked back to the pavilion.
But the MI skipper and Suryakumar Yadav struck 3 fours and a six between them as they backed their aggression and took on Ashwin’s bowling variations.
They further attacked Rabada’s pace and brought up 14 runs off the fifth over. While Surya played with soft hands for four Rohit smacked the pacer down the ground for a maximum.
Surya struck two boundaries in the sixth over off Amit Mishra as MI were 55-1 at the end of powerplay.
Rohit was dealing in boundaries but Surya on the other end nicked one to Pant and Avesh Khan broke the 58-run stand scalping his first wicket.
Amit Mishra came in to bowl the ninth over that started MI’s collapse. The leg-spinner picked the well-settled Rohit and Hardik Pandya in one over after both right-handers holed out to Smith at long-on.
MI were 78-4 at the 10-over mark before Lalit Yadav struck as Krunal Pandya chopped one on to his stumps. DC spinners continued their good work against the MI batsmen as Mishra scalped his third wicket trapping Kieron Pollard before the wickets for 2.
Ishan Kishan was joined by Jayant Yadav out in the middle as they formed a steady partnership and brought MI to 101-6 at the end of 15 overs.
Kishan brought an end to the boundary drought and went down the ground for a maximum off Ashwin in the 16th over. Both Kishan and Jayant Yadav added useful 39 runs before Mishra bagged his fourth wicket of the innings and brought an end to Kishan’s stay in the crease.
Rabada dismissed Jayant Yadav in the penultimate over while Avesh Khan got the better of Rahul Chahar in the final over as MI ended their innings with a total of 137-9.
Brief Scores Delhi Capitals 138/4 Shikhar Dhawan 45 Steve Smith 33 Kieron Pollard 1/9 beat Mumbai Indians 137/9 Rohit Sharma 44 Ishan Kishan 26 Amit Mishra 4/24 by 6 wickets.

Date 19 Apr 2021

VIVO IPL 2021 Match 12 CSK vs RR – Match Report


Chennai Super Kings CSK registered their second consecutive victory in the season after beating Rajasthan Royals RR by 45 runs in Match 12 of the VIVO Indian Premier League IPL 2021 at the Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai on Monday.
Moeen Ali starred with the ball while Ravindra Jadeja grabbed 4 catches adding to his two crucial breakthroughs that powered CSK to a comprehensive win over RR.
Chasing a target of 189 RR openers Manan Vohra and Jos Buttler got off to a solid start scoring 11 runs off Deepak Chahar in the first over before Sam Curran bowled a tight second over.
Vohra then took on a short one and deposited Curran for a maximum before the right-hander holed out to deep mid-wicket providing CSK their first breakthrough in the fourth over.
Buttler on the other end played fearless shots and attacked the pace of Chahar straight down the ground with a four and a six off the wicketkeeper batsman’s blade.
However Curran managed to get the RR skipper Sanju Samson out cheaply with a slower one as RR ended their powerplay with a total of 45/2 on board.
Shivam Dube joined Buttler at the crease and the duo steadily played the middle-overs with Buttler playing the aggressor role. The right-hander put away Jadeja’s deliveries for two fours and later smacked a six off a free-hit.
RR were placed at 81/2 at the 10-over mark and that’s when the game turned around completely in CSK’s favour.
It all started with Jadeja castling Buttler’s stumps that landed in the perfect stop as the right-hander fell one short of a fifty. The CSK all-rounder then trapped Dube in front in the same over.
David Miller who was the hero of RR’s previous game could only score 2 runs this time around after Moeen Ali got the left-hander out for LBW.
The right-arm spinner then picked two wickets in the 15th over with both dismissals almost identical to each other. Riyan Parag and Chris Morris tried to launch Ali out of the park but ended up handing it straight to Jadeja at deep mid-wicket.
With the pressure of chasing a big total RR collapsed in no time and lost vital wickets in the middle-overs slipping to 95/7.
Rahul Tewatia 20 and Jaydev Unadkat 24 helped RR recover to a certain extent and smashed 3 sixes between them before becoming victims of the slower balls by Bravo and Shardul Thakur respectively as CSK sealed a win.Earlier CSK who were put in to bat and RR remained unchanged after securing victories in their respective games.
Openers Faf du Plessis and Ruturaj Gaikwad got off to a watchful start against the left-arm quicks Jaydev Unadkat and Chetan Sakariya before du Plessis charged down and cleared the ropes in the second over against Sakariya.
Ruturaj looked rusty against the pace variations of Mustafizur Rahman and was dismissed after top-edging one to extra cover as the left-armer scalped his first wicket of the match providing an early breakthrough for RR.
du Plessis wasn’t affected with the wicket though as he brought his paddle-scoop into display and smashed three fours and a six off Unadkat scoring 19 off the fifth over.
Chris Morris was brought on to bowl the final over of the powerplay and the pacer brought an end to du Plessis’ dangerous knock after the latter sliced it to Riyan Parag in the outfield.
CSK were placed at 46-2 at the end of powerplay. Moeen Ali continued his rich form and clobbered 2 sixes early in his innings playing with full freedom.
The left-hander tried to further damage RR’s bowling after adding 33 runs with Suresh Raina but ended up mistiming a wider delivery from Rahul Tewatia that brought an end to the left-hander’s innings.
Ambati Rayudu joined Raina at the crease and the duo went after the part-timer Riyan Parag smashing two sixes each and brought up 16 off the eleventh over. The result was no different in the next over after the right-hander smacked Tewatia for consecutive sixes.
Sakariya came back to bowl the 14th over and shifted the momentum back to RR after scalping two wickets with both Rayudu and Raina looking to go big against the left-arm seamer.
RR managed to add some pressure after the double-wicket over and forced CSK to play a quiet couple of overs. CSK skipper MS Dhoni smacked two boundaries before Sakariya dismissed the wicketkeeper-batsman and scalped his third wicket of the innings.
Jadeja was dismissed in the very next over and Morris bagged his second wicket of the innings. Although RR picked wickets at the death Dwayne Bravo played an entertaining cameo scoring 20 off only 8 balls and helped CSK finish with a flourish with a total of 188/9.
Brief Scores Chennai Super Kings 188/9 Faf du Plessis 33 Ambati Rayudu 27 Chetan Sakariya 3/36 beat Rajasthan Royals 143/9 Jos Buttler 49 Jaydev Unadkat 24 Moeen Ali 3/7 by 45 runs.

Date 18 Apr 2021

VIVO IPL 2021 Match 11 DC vs PBKS – Match Report


Delhi Capitals DC bounced back with a victory after beating the Punjab Kings PBKS in Match 11 of the VIVO Indian Premier League IPL 2021 at the Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai on Sunday.
Shikhar Dhawan’s magnificent 9249 at the top helped DC edge out PBKS as they chased down the target of 196 in a run-fest at Wankhede.
In the chase the DC openers got off to the desired start with Dhawan and Prithvi Shaw taking on the new ball and adding 21 runs in the first two overs.
Shaw took charge of the attack as he lofted Mohammad Shami for a six over long-on in the second over. The DC openers then hit a couple of fours off Jalaj Saxena who came in to bowl the third over.
DC were going at over 10 runs per over at the start and Shaw went after the length deliveries of Jhye Richardson as he flicked the pacer towards the leg side for four and then lofted him over long-off for maximum.
It was then time for Dhawan to exhibit his range of shots after hitting Shami for three fours in an over. PBKS got rid of the dangerous Shaw and the short ball did the trick for Arshdeep Singh as the right-hander edged one to Gayle at square-leg.
Steve Smith joined Dhawan in the middle as the two worked around the ball and played out a couple of quiet overs with Deepak Hooda and Saxena bowling from each ends.
Dhawan then broke the shackles and hit two consecutive fours off Hooda before notching up a half-century. In the 10th over he launched a maximum off Richardson as DC moved to 99/1 at the halfway stage of the chase.
Riley Meredith’s short ball did the trick for PBKS as he dismissed Steve Smith for 9.
Dhawan carried his rhythm and accelerated by smashing Shami over long-on for a six and then creamed three fours in a row off Meredith in the 14th over helping DC score 18 runs in that over.
Rishabh Pant joined the party and smashed his first six of the game before Richardson brought an end to Dhawan’s fine knock of 92 after the DC batsman played a premeditated shot to a delivery that crashed into the stumps.
DC got close to the target but the job was yet to be done as they required 36 off the final four overs.
Shami bowled a long 17th over that included a front-foot no ball followed by a delivery that was above waist height.
Stoinis made full use of the free hits hitting two fours and a six to bring up 20 off the over.
However Richardson scalped his second wicket in form of the DC skipper who miscued the shot that went straight to Hooda at long-on who took a juggling catch.
Lalit Yadav who walked out to bat after Pant’s fall supported Stonis with 2 boundaries after the latter finished the run-chase in style with a boundary and DC chased the total of 195.Earlier PBKS who were put in to bat first were off to a flying start after Mayank Agarwal and KL Rahul took on the debutant Lukman Meriwala in the second over and scored 20 off the left-arm pacer smashing three boundaries and a six courtesy a free hit that pushed the PBKS openers to accelerate early on.
Mayank then creamed two consecutive boundaries off Chris Woakes and backed his shots with solid timing.
The 50-run stand was up for the opening wicket and the Mayank-Rahul duo was striking the boundaries in plenty on a belter of a wicket scoring at nearly ten runs per over at the end of the powerplay.
Regardless of the surface PBKS batting got even easier because of the number of easy-scoring opportunities offered by the DC bowlers right from the start.
R Ashwin and Lalit Yadav couldn’t make a difference in the middle overs and with the foundation that was set for the Punjab Kings they were eying a huge total.
Mayank brought his fifty with a four with an edge over the keeper’s head off Avesh Khan who bowled his first over of the innings and DC were 94/0 at the 10-over mark.
Mayank and Rahul were dealing in boundaries at the Wankhede as the 100 partnership was up for the opening wicket as well for PBKS.
The eleventh over of the innings saw Mayank and Rahul hammer Kagiso Rabada for three sixes in an over with three quality strokes that cleared the ropes with ease thanks to Rabada’s pace and the DC pacer was under the pump.
Avesh Khan on the other end bowled tight lengths and had Shaw held onto a sharp catch he would have dismissed KL Rahul.
Meriwala came back to bowl the 13th over of the innings and provided the all-important breakthrough as Mayank chipped a catch straight to Dhawan at deep point and got out for 69 36.
KL Rahul on the other end slammed a half-century and continued with his superb batting hitting Avesh Khan for a boundary and a six in the 15th over. However the right-hander got out for 61 in the next over as Rabada gave DC their second wicket.
Deepak Hooda walked in next smashed the first ball that was aimed at his ribs for a maximum.
Woakes who bowled the 17th over ended up overstepping and paid full price for it as Chris Gayle sliced the free-hit over the ropes. However on the very next delivery the West Indian left-hander couldn’t connect the slower ball and gave away a simple catch at covers.
Hooda continued with his explosive shots against Avesh Khan but DC got yet another breakthrough in form of Nicholas Pooran.
The last over of the innings bowled by Woakes went for 16 runs courtesy Shahrukh Khan who played a nice cameo with 2 fours and a six as the Punjab Kings posted 195/4 on board.
Brief Scores Delhi Capitals Shikhar Dhawan 92 Prithvi Shaw 32 Jhye Richardson 2/41 beat Punjab Kings 195/4 Mayank Agarwal 69 KL Rahul 61 Lukman Meriwala 1/32 by 6 wickets

Date 18 Apr 2021

VIVO IPL 2021 Match 10 RCB vs KKR – Match Report


Royal Challengers Bangalore registered their third win on the bounce after beating Kolkata Knight Riders KKR in Match 10 of the VIVO Indian Premier League IPL 2021 at the M. A Chidambaram Stadium in Chennai on Sunday.
Glenn Maxwell’s explosiveness and AB de Villiers’ clean hitting was on full display as RCB put forward a commanding total of 204/4 and successfully defended the same against KKR who fell short of the target by 38 runs.
KKR who remained unchanged from their previous defeat had a massive target of 205 to chase and needed an explosive start from openers – Nitish Rana and Shubman Gill.
Gill went berserk in the second over clobbering two sixes and a four to Kyle Jamieson before the right-arm pacer got the KKR opener in an eventful over thanks to a diving catch from Dan Christian at mid-on.
Tripathi who walked in at 3 went after the RCB attack right from ball one and smashed 4 boundaries. But Washington Sundar got Tripathi caught near square-leg at the end of powerplay with KKR 57-2 after 6 overs.
Rana went after Chahal straightway and hit the leg-spinner for two boundaries in an over but the trend of six and out continued for KKR as Rana tried to hit one more out of the park only to find Devdutt Padikkal in the outfield as Chahal scalped his first wicket of the season.
KKR were completely on the backfoot and Chahal made the KKR feel that pressure with dot balls. Dinesh Karthik was the next man to be dismissed after getting rapped on the front pad facing Chahal and KKR were 83-4 at the 10-overs mark.
Eoin Morgan the KKR skipper was still out in the middle along with Shakib Al Hasan as the duo built a steady partnership and added 24 in the next three overs.
Both Morgan and Shakib targeted Maxwell and hit a six each in the 13th over but the KKR skipper departed after he was caught by Virat Kohli at extra-cover off Harshal Patel who got the vital wicket of Morgan.
With 79 required off the final four Andre Russell who joined Shakib at the crease hammered Chahal for 20 runs smacking three boundaries and a six to the leg-spinner.
The West-Indian all-rounder further crunched Jamieson for a six but the right-arm seamer finished on a high note after hitting the timber to dismiss Shakib and then got Cummins caught behind on the final ball.
KKR required 44 off 12 deliveries as Mohammad Siraj bowled an exceptional penultimate over to Russell giving away just 1 run and prevented Russell from opening his arms.
Harshal bowled the final over and rattled Russell’s stumps and it was game over for KKR as RCB won by 38 runs to complete a hat-trick of wins.Earlier RCB who made one change bringing in Rajat Patidar in place of Daniel Christian and played with three overseas players elected to bat.
KKR started with spinners from both ends and it turned out to be a rewarding move as Varun Chakravarthy scalped the wickets of RCB skipper Virat Kohli and Rajat Patidar in the second over.
First the RCB skipper tried to slice it over covers but was caught by Rahul Tripathi who took a brilliant running catch while Patidar was castled by the off-spinner completely beaten on the inside edge.
However Padikkal and Maxwell teamed up to lead the recovery for RCB as they finished the powerplay with a total of 45/2 and the switch-hit was out for the Big Show who smashed 17 off the sixth over.
Chakravarthy was back to bowl the seventh over as KKR overstepped for the third time in the game. Maxwell greeted the free-hit with a flat six followed by a boundary behind square leg and RCB were on the move.
Maxwell brought up his second consecutive half-century that too off 28 deliveries and the fearless approach worked in favour of the right-hander while the pressure moved back to KKR with RCB 84-2 at the 10-over mark.
Padikkal took some inspiration from Maxwell played the reverse paddle for four before the left-hander holed out to deep mid-wicket as Tripathi completed his second catch of the game.
de Villiers joined Maxwell in the middle and although the next couple of overs were quiet RCB had an opportunity to finish on a high with the situation they were in.
The AB-Maxi show was on display after the duo smashed 17 runs off Chakravarthy who bowled his final over. First de Villiers hit consecutive boundaries to the leg-spinner and then Maxwell hammered the last ball for six with a trademark switch-hit.
The 16th over wasn’t any different as de Villiers went after Prasidh Krishna to bring up 11 runs off the over and a fifty-run stand with Maxwell for the fifth wicket.
Pat Cummins provided the all-important breakthrough for KKR bringing an end to Maxwell’s fine innings of 7849 with extra bounce.
de Villiers as always for RCB calm under pressure with excellent strokes in his offering finished the innings in grand fashion. The right-hander supported well by Kyle Jamieson added 56 runs in the last three overs smacking four sixes at the back-end of the innings.
de Villiers also brought up his fifty off just 27 deliveries and powered RCB to a commanding total of 204/4.
Brief Scores Royal Challengers Bangalore 204-4 Glenn Maxwell 78 AB de Villiers 76* Varun Chakravarthy 2/39 beat Kolkata Knight Riders 166-8 Andre Russell 31 Eoin Morgan 29 Kyle Jamieson 3-41 by 38 runs.

Date 17 Apr 2021

VIVO IPL 2021 Match 9 MI vs SRH – Match Report


Mumbai Indians MI registered their second consecutive victory in the season after beating the Sunrisers Hyderabad SRH in Match 9 of the VIVO Indian Premier League IPL 2021 at the M. A Chidambaram Stadium in Chennai on Saturday.
Rahul Chahar delivered once again with the ball while Hardik Pandya’s fielding brilliance including a couple of direct hits on the field encouraged an impressive comeback into the game and defended their total of 150/5 against SRH.
Chasing 150 Jonny Bairstow who was back in the role of the opener and David Warner were watchful against the duo of Trent Boult and Jasprit Bumrah in the first two overs.
However Bairstow didn’t hold back for too long as he hammered 18 runs off the third over smacking three fours and a six off Boult bringing his stand and deliver ability into the chase.
The right-hander then went after MI debutant Adam Milne and scored 19 off the fourth over adding two more sixes to the count.
SRH made the most out of the powerplay scoring 57/0 in the 6 overs with Bairstow striking the ball as clean as anyone else.
The right-hander got out in an anticlimactic way - a hit-wicket dismissal that provided MI a breakthrough out of nowhere.
MI cleverly capitalised on that Bairstow dismissal and brought Rahul Chahar into the attack. The leg-spinner managed to dismiss Manish Pandey for 2 to bring MI right back into the contest.
SRH were 74/2 at the 10-overs mark as Warner continued playing his shots against the MI spinners before the SRH skipper fell victim to an excellent direct-hit from Hardik Pandya inside the circle that ended his innings of 36.
Milne made an impressive comeback and considered only 6 runs in the 14th over as Vijay Shankar and Virat Singh were placed in a tricky situation in the chase.
In the next over Chahar scalped two wickets dismissing Virat and Abhishek Sharma in the same over with both batsmen trying to take on the leg-spinner.
Shankar brought some hope into the SRH chase after smacking Krunal Pandya for consecutive sixes as Sunrisers required 31 off the final four overs with Abdul Samad at other end.
Bumrah bowled the 17th over and conceded only four runs as SRH tried taking the chase deep. Another bullet-throw from Hardik in the game ended Samad’s innings.
With 21 required off the final two Bumrah got the crucial wicket of Shankar in the penultimate over and Boult castled Bhuvneshwar Kumar and Khaleel Ahmed in the final over that meant SRH were bundled out for 137.Earlier MI decided to put runs on the board after winning the toss. The Rohit Sharma-led unit brought in Adam Milne who was playing his first game of MI replacing Marco Jansen.
Quinton de Kock and Rohit got off to a confident start smashing three boundaries in the first two overs with SRH being a little sloppy in the field early on.
Spin was introduced early on by SRH to tackle Rohit but the MI skipper counter-attacked with a boundary and a six each off Mujeeb Ur Rahman and later muscled Bhuvneshwar Kumar’s slower delivery for a maximum.
de Kock joined the party with some improvisation playing a scoop over fine leg to Khaleel Ahmed as the fifty was up for the opening duo at the end of powerplay.
However Rohit was dismissed in the next over as lack of pace did the trick for Vijay Shankar giving SRH their first wicket.
Suryakumar Yadav who was the next man in got off the mark with a stylish boundary. The right-hander followed that with two more crisp-looking shots especially the one that was lofted inside out all the way for a maximum before Vijay Shankar took a sharp catch off his own bowling and dismissed the MI batsman.
The breakthrough forced de Kock and Ishan Kishan to play out a couple of quiet overs in the middle with MI placed at 75/2 at the halfway mark.
The duo kept rotating the strike but the SRH spinners didn’t allow them to switch to aggressive mode forcing de Kock to play an aerial shot off Mujeeb Ur Rahman straight to the outfielder at mid-wicket and the left-hander was gone for a well-made 40.
With four overs to go SRH continued to bowl with Mujeeb who was clubbed for a giant 105m six by Kieron Pollard before the SRH spinner got rid of Kishan thanks to a fine catch by Bairstow behind the stumps.
Hardik who came in at 6 was unable to add the finishing touch after he was caught in the deep by an excellent running catch from Virat Singh in the penultimate over as Khaleel Ahmed scalped his first wicket.
However Pollard didn’t let SRH get away with their death bowling excellence after the right-handed West Indian batsman tonked the final two deliveries for six allowing MI to reach the 150 mark and put a competitive total on board.
Brief Scores Mumbai Indians 150/5 Quinton de Kock 40 Kieron Pollard 35* Vijay Shankar 2/19 beat Sunrisers Hyderabad 137 all out Jonny Bairstow 43 David Warner 36 Rahul Chahar 3/19 by 13 runs.

Date 16 Apr 2021

VIVO IPL 2021 Match 8 PBKS vs CSK – Match Report


The bowlers led from the front once again in the early stage of the season as Chennai Super Kings CSK secured their first victory of the VIVO Indian Premier League IPL 2021 beating Punjab Kings PBKS in Match 8 at the Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai on Friday.
Deepak Chahar’s remarkable four-wicket haul helped CSK restrict PBKS to 106/8 before they chased down the target with more than four overs to spare.
CSK made a cautious start with the bat chasing 107. Nothing to take away though from the PBKS pacers – Mohammad Shami and Jhye Richardson – who were right on the money with the new ball conceding only eight runs in the first three overs.
Faf du Plessis then switched gears smacking 2 fours and a perfectly executed scoop that went all the way for a maximum scoring 14 off the fourth over by Richardson.
Arshdeep Singh the star from PBKS’ last game came into action and dismissed the struggling Ruturaj Gaikwad after the right-hander holed out in the deep.
Moeen Ali was the next man in and the left-hander was right on the attack creaming two boundaries off Riley Meredith to take CSK to 32/1 at the end of 6 overs.
Both Ali and du Plessis kept rotating the strike without taking big risks as CSK sailed past fifty in the eighth over in total control of the chase.
At the halfway mark CSK were going a touch over 6 runs per over with Moeen Ali doing the majority of hitting. The left-hander came out with positive intent as he smashed a couple of boundaries off the leader of the PBKS bowling attack Mohammad Shami.
Nothing seemed to work in PBKS’ favour after an overthrow in the 12th over went all the way for four.
In the next over Moeen Ali launched one off Murugan Ashwin over long-on for a maximum. While he was caught in the deep in the same over he ensured the damage was done after scoring 46 off 31 balls.
Shami came in to bowl the 15th over and created some late damage for CSK after picking 2 wickets in 2 balls dismissing Suresh Raina and Ambati Rayudu respectively.
With 4 runs required Sam Curran finished off the chase in style with a boundary and CSK chased down the total.Earlier CSK and PBKS both retained the same playing XIs from their respective last game with the former putting the latter in to bat first on a fresh Wankhede surface.
CSK were on fire with the new ball after getting rid of both the PBKS openers.
Chahar castled Mayank Agarwal’s stumps in the very first over hitting the top of off-stump followed by Ravindra Jadeja’s outstanding fielding effort – a direct hit – inside the circle that ran out the PBKS skipper KL Rahul.
Chahar was back to bowl the fifth over and there was no stopping the right-arm seamer who struck twice in an over.
First he dismissed Gayle with a beautiful knuckle delivery after Jadeja took a brilliant diving catch and later got Nicholas Pooran for a duck with a short ball that was hit straight to the outfielder at fine leg.
PBKS were struggling at 26-4 at the end of powerplay. While the CSK seamers were bowling tight lengths from one end the CSK skipper decided to finish Chahar’s quota as the bowler scalped his 4th wicket of the innings after Deepak Hooda who struck one boundary chipped it into the hands of du Plessis at mid-off.
Shahrukh Khan along with Richardson formed a vital partnership for the sixth wicket adding 31 runs with the help of three fours and a six and managed to score some crucial runs against the CSK spinners.
However Moeen Ali put an end to the same crashing one into the stumps of Richardson providing the sixth wicket for CSK.
Shahrukh kept the boundaries flowing despite wickets tumbling at one end and raced off to 39. Dwayne Bravo got Murugan Ashwin out and the PBKS were struggling at 87-7 at the end of the 17th over.
The Punjab Kings brought their hundred up in the penultimate over bowled by Bravo who conceded only 4 runs.
Shahrukh Khan fell just three runs short of his half-century after he tried to smack Sam Curran for a maximum only to find Jadeja in the deep. PBKS finished with a total of 106-8 scoring only 6 runs in the final over of the innings.
Brief Scores Chennai Super Kings 107/4 Moeen Ali 46 Faf du Plessis 36* Mohammad Shami 2/21 beat Punjab Kings 106/8 Shahrukh Khan 47 Jhye Richardson 15 Deepak Chahar 4/13 by 6 wickets

Date 15 Apr 2021

VIVO IPL 2021 Match 7 RR vs DC – Match Report


Rajasthan Royals RR won their first game of the season after beating the Delhi Capitals DC in Match 7 of the VIVO Indian Premier League IPL 2021 at the Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai on Thursday.
A fifty from David Miller and a terrific cameo from Chris Morris at the end sealed the victory for the RR in yet another low-scoring thriller.
Chasing 148 to win Manan Vohra and Jos Buttler opened the innings for RR. While Vohra hit two consecutive boundaries off Chris Woakes after a couple of quiet overs at the start the right-arm pacer dismissed the RR openers in the same over guiding DC to the start they wanted.
First Vohra who tried to go aerial was holed out to Rabada at long-on before Pant took a terrific catch to get Buttler out.
The Royals were in all sorts of trouble after skipper Sanju Samson edged it straight to Dhawan at slips after getting beaten with Rabada’s pace as RR finished their powerplay at 26-3.
Shivam Dube was the next man to get out as Avesh Khan got the better of Dube with his pace that produced a thick-edge straight to the fly-slip.
The pacer then varied his pace deceiving Riyan Parag who got the height but not the distance as Dhawan completed his third catch of the innings.
The Royals were 52-5 at the halfway mark. After a couple of quiet overs Miller welcomed Marcus Stoinis into the attack with three boundaries in a row that sounded beautifully off the bat.
Tewatia who had joined Miller in the middle after Riyan Parag’s fall complimented Miller scoring a couple of fours off Tom Curran in the 14th over forming a vital partnership for the sixth wicket.
DC skipper Pant handed the ball to Rabada in the 15th over and the seamer provided the breakthrough dismissing Tewatia with pace and bounce.
Miller then brought up his fifty and was going strong carrying the hopes for the RR who required 58 off the final five overs to secure a win.
In the 16th over Miller clobbered two consecutive sixes against Avesh Khan and was right in the zone before Avesh got him out on the fifth delivery after the left-hander attempted to complete a hat-trick of sixes.
It was a tough equation that was out of reach for RR at the end after losing 7 wickets with Morris and Unadkat at the crease.
With seven wickets down and 43 runs to get in the last four overs RR were on the backfoot and the pressure mounted further as they could only score 16 runs over the course of the 17th and the 18th over.
RR required 27 off the last 2 over. The 19th over then swung the momentum in RR’s favour as Morris clubbed two sixes off Rabada to bring down the target to 12 runs off the final over.
DC opted to give Tom Curran the responsibility to defend those 12 runs. But Morris as calm as ever tonked two sixes off the England pacer and got RR over the line.Earlier Sanju Samson won the toss and opted to bowl against DC. Chetan Sakariya who made a fine debut in the previous game started off well against the DC openers – Prithvi Shaw and Shikhar Dhawan – giving away just 2 runs in the first over of the innings.
Jaydev Unadkat on the other end built severe pressure with dot balls and found a breakthrough as Shaw ran out of patience edging the ball straight to backward point in the second over of the match.
The left-arm pacer then got rid of Dhawan in the fourth over of the innings courtesy a screamer from the RR wicketkeeper-batsman and skipper Samson.
Pant smacked a few boundaries to get things going but the powerplay belonged to Jaydev Unadkat who scalped his third wicket inside the six overs after dismissing Ajinkya Rahane helping RR limit DC to 36/3 after 6 overs.
Mustafizur Rahman joined the wicket-taking party after deceiving Marcus Stoinis with a slow cutter getting the DC all-rounder out for a duck. Lalit Yadav who joined Pant played a couple of confident strokes for fours in the eighth over.
DC were still striking below 6 at the end of ten overs placed at 57-4 with Pant and Lalit in the middle.
The left-hander shifted gears and scored 20 runs off the 11th over bowled by Rahul Tewatia smacking four fours. He brought up his half-century with a four and helped DC recover from a difficult phase.
However Pant ran himself out thanks to an excellent direct hit from Riyan Parag off his own bowling as RR broke the important partnership between Pant and Lalit.
Yet another outstanding piece of fielding from the Royals contributed to a dismissal after Tewatia ran backwards and took a well-judged catch to dismiss Lalit.
With four overs to go Curran and Woakes had the task of finishing the DC innings on a higher note. The duo hit three boundaries and added 28 runs before Curran was castled by Mustafizur’s slower-cutter.
R Ashwin got run out in the same over after trying to sneak in a double. DC scored 11 runs off the final over bowled by Sakariya and finished their innings with a total of 147/8.
Brief Scores Rajasthan Royals 150/7 David Miller 62 Chris Morris 36* Avesh Khan 3/32 beat Delhi Capitals 147/8 Rishabh Pant 51 Tom Curran 21 Jaydev Unadkat 3/15 by 3 wickets.

Date 14 Apr 2021

VIVO IPL 2021 Match 6 SRH vs RCB – Match Report


Royal Challengers Bangalore RCB won their second consecutive game after beating the Sunrisers Hyderabad SRH in Match 6 of the VIVO Indian Premier League IPL 2021 at the M. A. Chidambaram Stadium in Chennai on Wednesday.
RCB produced a monumental comeback with the ball after Shahbaz Ahmed struck thrice in one over and managed to defend a total of 149 against SRH
Chasing a total of 150 the SRH openers – David Warner and Wriddhiman Saha – got off to a cautious start scoring 13 in the first two overs.
Mohammed Siraj built the pressure early on with the new ball forcing Saha to play a rash shot which went straight into the hands of Maxwell at backward point in the third over.
However SRH attacked the pace of Kyle Jamieson smashing 17 off the 4th over with Warner and Manish Pandey hitting a six each.
The SRH skipper shifted the gears and the fifty was up for the Sunrisers inside the powerplay. Both – Pandey and Warner – looked extremely comfortable in the middle and put the pressure on the RCB spinners.
The fifty-run partnership was up between the two as RCB continued to search for the breakthrough.
At the halfway mark SRH were 77/1 and were pacing the chase to perfection. Warner leading from the front then notched up his 49th half-century in IPL.
However Jamieson provided RCB a much-needed breakthrough as he dismissed Warner in the 14th over.
SRH though were still in control of the chase with 42 needed from the final five overs.
RCB skipper Kohli then handed the ball to Shahbaz Ahmed in the 17th over and it turned out to be a match-changing move as the left-arm spinner scalped 3 wickets in an over.
He dismissed Jonny Bairstow and Pandey on consecutive deliveries and then got Abdul Samad out on the final delivery with all three batsmen attempting to clear the ropes.
The pressure built on SRH as they further lost two wickets. First Harshal Patel got rid of Vijay Shankar courtesy a running catch from Kohli in the 18th over and later Siraj dismissed Jason Holder after he holed out in the deep in the penultimate over.
Harshal Patel had 16 runs to defend in the final over. While he bowled a no-ball he kept his composure and scalped a wicket helping RCB seal a stunning 6-run win.Earlier RCB who were put in to bat made one change to their playing XI bringing in Devdutt Padikkal in place of Rajat Patidar.
While Kohli opened his account with a boundary straight down the ground Padikkal struck a couple of fours on the other end. However Bhuvneshwar Kumar dismissed the left-hander with a back of a length delivery.
All-rounder Ahmed joined Kohli who played some stylish flicks pushing RCB to 47-1 at the end of the powerplay.
Nadeem came in to bowl his second over and got rid of Ahmed after he deposited the left-arm spinner’s delivery to Rashid Khan who took a fine running catch in the outfield giving SRH their second wicket.
RCB had to switch back to defence with Maxwell and Kohli building a steady partnership and were going at 6 runs per over until the half-way mark.
Maxwell decided hed had enough as the right-hander smacked 2 sixes and a four off Nadeem while Kohli creamed a four as the two scored 22 runs off the 11th over.
However SRH managed to scalp a big wicket of Kohli after the right-hander top edged one into the outfield where Vijay Shankar did a remarkable job to complete the catch.
The Kohli dismissal was followed by another breakthrough as Rashid Khan got AB de Villiers out for 1 in the 14th over to push RCB on the backfoot.
With 5 overs to go the SRH bowling attack had the majority of work done and was incredibly complimented by the outfielders with the sharp catches.
Washington Sundar fell victim to yet another outstanding grab by SRH after Manish Pandey held on to one diving forward helping Rashid get his second wicket.
While Maxwell kept the boundaries coming he was running out of partners after Natarajan dismissed Daniel Christian for 1.
Jamieson played a helping hand to Maxwell smashing 2 boundaries before he was dismissed by Holder in the final over of the innings.
However Maxwell managed to make the most of the Holder over smashing 13 runs as he brought up his first half-century for RCB as well as of the season. The right-hander was dismissed off the final delivery of the innings after guiding RCB to 149/8.
Brief Scores Royal Challengers Bangalore 149/8 Glenn Maxwell 59 Virat Kohli 33 Jason Holder 3/30 beat Sunrisers Hyderabad 143/9 David Warner 54 Manish Pandey 38 Shahbaz Ahmed 3/7 by 6 runs

Date 13 Apr 2021

VIVO IPL 2021 Match 5 KKR vs MI – Match Report


Mumbai Indians MI secured their first victory of the season after beating the Kolkata Knight Riders KKR in Match 5 of the VIVO Indian Premier League IPL 2021 at the M. A. Chidambaram Stadium in Chennai on Tuesday.
Rahul Chahar registered his best bowling figures 4/27 in the IPL as MI successfully defended the total of 152 against KKR.
Chasing a target of 153 the KKR openers – Nitish Rana and Shubman Gill – took calculated risks to start off their innings with Rana doing majority of the hitting.
The duo batted positively targeting the pace of Jasprit Bumrah and Trent Boult and hitting some well-timed strokes including a drive from Gill off Bumrah and completed a 50-run stand soon after the conclusion of the powerplay.
The pair continued to bat on before Chahar provided a breakthrough for MI after Gill lofted one into the hands of the outfielder in the 9th over. KKR were placed at 81/1 at the halfway stage and it was Chahar once again who struck for the MI dismissing Rahul Tripathi in the 11th over.
While Rana brought up his second consecutive half-century in the season Chahar scalped his third wicket of the match dismissing KKR skipper Eoin Morgan in his third over. A well-set Rana was the next man to get out as the young MI leg-spinner outfoxed the left-hander before de Kock dislodged the bails to give MI and Chahar his fourth wicket.
MI continued to mount pressure on KKR as Krunal Pandya then got the wicket of Shakib Al Hasan who was caught in the deep by Suryakumar Yadav in the 16th over. Krunal had a chance to add one more wicket to his name but could not manage to hold on to a sharp chance as Andre Russell got a life even before he had opened his account.
The big-West Indian all-rounder got another life in Krunal’s next over as Jasprit Bumrah could not grab a skier. Krunal to his credit though conceded just three runs in the 18th over exerting pressure on KKR.
Bumrah who bowled the penultimate over then brought his wealth of experience in bowling the death overs into play and denied the duo of Russell and Karthik a chance to open their shoulders giving away just 4 runs.
With 15 runs to defend Boult was given the responsibility to bowl the final over against the likes of Russell and Karthik and he delivered for the team cleverly varying his pace as he scalped two wickets including that of Russell and helped MI seal a stunning 10-run win. Earlier MI who were asked to bat first made one change to their playing XI as Quinton de Kock replaced Chris Lynn at the top. However the left-hander made an early exit after being holed out in the deep off Varun Chakravarthy’s bowling in the second over.
Suryakumar Yadav who replaced de Kock in the middle got off to an aggressive start creaming three boundaries in the third over off Harbhajan Singh. While KKR managed to keep Rohit Sharma quiet Surya continued playing his shots as MI finished their powerplay at 42/1.
The right-hander smacked 16 runs off the 8thover bowled by Prasidh Krishna hitting the pacer for a couple of boundaries along with a stylishly-flicked maximum and then brought up his fifty in style with a mammoth six off the bowling of Pat Cummins.
KKR desperately needed to break the partnership and they struck twice in quick succession courtesy Shakib Al Hasan and Cummins. While Shakib who was playing his 50thIPL game for KKR dismissed Surya for 56 Cummins got the wicket of Ishan Kishan.
The duo of Rohit and Hardik Pandya then added 27 runs in the next four overs before Cummins castled the MI skipper as the latter tried to slash one on the off-side.
KKR bowlers were magnificent at the death not allowing the big hitters – Hardik Pandya and Kieron Pollard – to cause any damage as the MI wickets came in plenty.
Prasidh Krishna got Hardik out for 15 in the 17thover before Russell ran through the MI batting line-up scalping five wickets in his two overs.
In the 18thover Russell picked up two wickets dismissing Kieron Pollard and Marco Jansen and then bowled a three-wicket final over and completed his maiden five-wicket haul in the IPL which helped KKR bowl out MI for 152.
Brief Scores Mumbai Indians152 all out Suryakumar Yadav 56 Rohit Sharma 43 Andre Russell 5/15beat Kolkata Knight Riders142/7 Nitish Rana 57 Shubman Gill 33 Rahul Chahar 4/27by 10 runs

Date 12 Apr 2021

VIVO IPL 2021 Match 4 RR vs PBKS – Match Report


Punjab Kings PBKS overcame a spirited Rajasthan Royals RR challenge led by a sensational Sanju Samson and emerged victorious in a high-scoring thriller in Match 4 of the VIVO Indian Premier League IPL 2021 at the Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai on Monday.
PBKS skipper KL Rahul led from the front with a defining knock of 91 before Arshdeep Singh defended 13 runs in the last over helping the side seal a 4-run win.
Chasing a humongous total of 221 RR needed a powerful and explosive start from their openers. But they were denied the same as Mohammad Shami and Arshdeep Singh held on to catches off their own bowling to dismiss Ben Stokes and Manan Vohra respectively.
Samson and Jos Buttler had a mountain of runs to climb but they didn’t let the pressure of early wickets affect them.
Buttler counter-attacked Riley Meredith in the fourth over welcoming the right-arm pacer in the IPL with four fours in a row. Sanju Samson then creamed two fours in the sixth over off Arshdeep as RR moved to 59/2 at the end of powerplay.
Jhye Richardson was back into the attack after conceding 13 runs in the first over and managed to get rid of the dangerous-looking Buttler cleverly deceiving the right-hander with a slower delivery.
The RR skipper though continued playing his shots with the help of his supreme timing and struck a fifty on his IPL captaincy debut.
Shivam Dube who joined Samson had a short stay at the crease after he holed out into the deep granting Arshdeep his second wicket of the innings.
With 6 overs to go Riyan Parag smashed the ball right from ball one making things easier for his skipper at the other end. There was no shortage of entertainment as the Samson-Parag duo were on a roll hammering 20 runs off the 16th over bowled by Murugan Ashwin.
With 48 required off the final four overs skipper Rahul brought Shami back into the attack and the pacer scalped the vital wicket of Riyan Parag in his final over of the match.
There was no stopping the RR skipper though as the right-hander brought up a magnificent century becoming the first batsman to get a hundred on IPL captaincy debut.
However PBKS managed to dismiss Rahul Tewatia as Meredith picked his maiden IPL wicket in the penultimate over.
Samson had laid the foundation and now had the challenge to finish the innings for the team with 13 runs required off the final six deliveries.
Arshdeep who had already scalped two wickets in the match was given the ultimate responsibility to bowl the final over. The left-arm pacer bowled phenomenally and varied his pace to perfection. With 5 runs required off the last ball Samson sliced the ball in the air into the deep and Deepak Hooda took a fine running catch helping PBKS win the nail-biter of a match.Earlier PBKS were put in to bat. The strong and promising duo of PBKS – skipper KL Rahul and Mayank Agarwal – were up and running smashing 21 runs off the first two overs.
But Chetan Sakaria who was playing his maiden IPL game provided an early breakthrough for the Royals dismissing Agarwal for 14 in the third over.
Rahul was then joined by Chris Gayle who muscled a boundary off Mustafizur Rahman as PBKS finished the powerplay at 42/1.
Rahul got a life in the 7th over after he was dropped by Ben Stokes in the outfield off Shreyas Gopal’s bowling.
The boundaries kept flowing off the bat for both Rahul and Gayle as the duo played some crisp shots adding 24 runs in the next two overs to push RR on the backfoot.
RR were desperately in need of a wicket and it was Riyan Parag who got the big wicket of Gayle as Stokes stationed at long-on dived in front and grabbed a stunner to make up for his earlier drop.
Rahul however was going strong on one end as he brought up his first fifty of the season in style with a maximum in the 13th over.
Hooda joined the party and got going in no time clobbering 5 huge sixes over the course of the 13th and 14th over. First he smashed two sixes off the medium pace of Shivam Dube and then took Shreyas Gopal to the cleaners with three sixes.
PBKS were strongly placed at 161-2 with five overs to go. The Royals were struggling to pick up a wicket with both Hooda and Rahul eying to finish on a high note. The destructive duo added 26 runs off the next two overs before Hooda’s fine innings came to an end in an attempt to clear the ropes once again.
Nicholas Pooran didn’t disturb the scorers after the left-hander got out for a first-ball duck thanks to a spectacular catch by Sakariya who continued to shine on his debut.
The PBKS skipper on the other end marched on to the nineties but RR finally got their man after brilliant work in the outfield by Tewatia. While Sakariya scalped two wickets in the final over PBKS ended their innings with a commanding total of 221/6.
Brief Scores Punjab Kings 221/6 KL Rahul 91 Deepak Hooda 64 Chetan Sakariya 3/31 beat Rajasthan Royals 217/7 Sanju Samson 119 Riyan Parag 25 Arshdeep Singh 3/35 by 4 runs

Date 11 Apr 2021

VIVO IPL 2021 Match 3 SRH vs KKR – Match Report


Kolkata Knight Riders KKR registered a victory against Sunrisers Hyderabad SRH in Match 3 of the VIVO Indian Premier League IPL 2021 at the M. A. Chidambaram Stadium in Chennai on Sunday.
Fifties from Nitish Rana and Rahul Tripathi powered KKR to a competitive total and the Eoin Morgan-led unit successfully managed to hold their nerves against SRH to seal a 10-run win.
Chasing a challenging total of 188 the SRH openers were back in the hut before they could attack the new ball. While David Warner nicked one to the keeper off the bowling of Prasidh Krishna Wriddhiman Saha chopped a Shakib Al Hasan delivery onto the stumps.
Jonny Bairstow and Manish Pandey played steadily ending the powerplay with 35 runs on the board. Pandey smashed a six against Shakib over long-off in the seventh over as SRH started to shift gears. Andre Russell who bowled the next over gave away 15 runs as Bairstow targeted him hitting two fours and a six.
The Bairstow-Pandey duo brought up their fifty-run partnership and continued to score at a brisk pace.
However just when it seemed that SRH were positively heading towards the target Pat Cummins dismissed Bairstow to give KKR a vital breakthrough in the 13th over.
Pandey continued striking the ball and was joined by Mohammad Nabi who smashed two boundaries before mistiming a Prasidh Krishna delivery giving an easy catch to KKR skipper Eoin Morgan.
Although Pandey brought up his fifty SRH required something special at the death in order to chase the total.
While Vijay Shankar was dismissed slicing the ball straight to Morgan at covers Abdul Samad smacked two huge sixes off Cummins in the penultimate over.
But with SRH needing 22 runs off the last over Russell held his nerves and helped KKR successfully defend their total.Earlier KKR were put in to bat on a dry wicket. Rana joined Shubman Gill in the opening slot and made a confident start to the innings smashing three boundaries in the first two overs.
Gill on the other end with his glorious balance and poise got off the mark with a four. The slowness and the pace variations of Sandeep Sharma didn’t affect Rana’s confidence as he smashed the pacer for three boundaries in a row.
The opening duo brought up their fifty partnership and didn’t shy away from playing the aerial shots timing them to perfection.
With SRH needing a wicket Warner introduced Rashid Khan into the attack in the seventh over and the leg-spinner struck in the very first over with a beautiful googly that bamboozled Gill.
In the next over Rahul Tripathi who joined Rana in the middle lofted a drive for a maximum over long-off.
Rana notched up his half-century in style with a maximum attacking the right-arm medium pacer Vijay Shankar in the 10th over. KKR were placed at 83-1 at the halfway mark and Rana continued the exploits making full use of the crease.
Tripathi complimented the left-hander piling runs quickly on the other end. The right-hander who had earlier completed 1000 IPL runs smacked two sixes and a four in the 15th over to bring up his half-century before being dismissed by T Natarajan in the sixteenth over.
Rashid as always came to the rescue once again for the Sunrisers after he picked the huge wicket of Russell before the right-hander could cause any damage.
SRH capitalised on that Russell dismissal as Mohammad Nabi got the dangerous-looking Rana and then dismissed the KKR skipper Morgan on consecutive deliveries.
Dinesh Karthik played a nice cameo in the end scoring 22 off 9 deliveries as KKR finished their innings setting a target of 188 for SRH.
Brief Scores Kolkata Knight Riders 187-6 Nitish Rana 80 Rahul Tripathi 53 Rashid Khan 2/24 beat Sunrisers Hyderabad 177-5 Manish Pandey 61 Jonny Bairstow 55 Prasidh Krishna 2/35 by 10 runs

Date 10 Apr 2021

VIVO IPL 2021 Match 2 CSK vs DC – Match Report


Delhi Capitals DC started their VIVO Indian Premier League IPL 2021 campaign with a 7-wicket victory against the Chennai Super Kings CSK at the Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai on Saturday.
Shikhar Dhawan and Prithvi Shaw’s entertaining knocks at the top helped DC chase down a challenging total with ease.
Although DC were without the services of their core overseas players like Kagiso Rabada and Anrich Nortje they played some strong backups with Tom Curran and Chris Woakes making their respective debuts for DC.
Chasing a challenging target of 189 DC needed an aggressive start from their openers and the pair of Dhawan and Shaw did just that.
The runs came in very quickly and came off to good cricketing shots. While Dhawan took on Sam Curran from one end Shaw smacked Shardul Thakur for three boundaries in a row.
Shaw was picking gaps for fun his timing and execution was class apart as DC raced off to a total of 65 for no loss at the end of powerplay putting pressure on the CSK bowling line-up.
CSK skipper MS Dhoni introduced spin into the attack to put an end to the opening partnership and it nearly provided them a breakthrough but Shaw got a life in the eighth over after he was dropped in the outfield off Moeen Ali’s bowling.
Shaw continued the demolition while Dhawan on the other end kept the runs flowing timing the ball to perfection as the DC openers brought their respective half centuries in no time.
DC maintained their run-rate at the end of the 12 overs and the manner in which Dhawan and Shaw were striking the ball they wanted to finish the game in a hurry.
It was Dwayne Bravo who provided the breakthrough for the Chennai Super Kings after Shaw mistimed a wide delivery straight to Moeen Ali in the deep. Hammering 72 off 38 deliveries the right-hander did his bit to put DC in command.
Rishabh Pant who was captaining for the first time in the IPL joined the party after slicing a four to a short and wide delivery bowled by Deepak Chahar who conceded 12 runs in his last over.
Meanwhile Dhawan continued playing with the lines of the bowlers and was simply striking the ball in the gaps. However after smashing Shardul Thakur for two consecutive fours in the 17th over he was trapped in front bringing an end to a thoroughly entertaining innings.
Pant though stayed till the end and finished the chase in style whipping away the fourth ball of the 19th for a four.Earlier CSK who were put in to bat lost both their openers – Faf du Plessis and Ruturaj Gaikwad – early. While Avesh Khan dismissed du Plessis making the most of his pace and the Wankhede surface Gaikwad failed to make a mark after getting caught at first slip courtesy a sharp catch from Dhawan providing Woakes his first wicket of the match.
Suresh Raina marked his return to the CSK side joining Moeen Ali at the other end after CSK found themselves in early trouble.
Moeen counter-attacked the pace of Avesh smashing the seamer for a couple of boundaries. The fifth over saw Raina hitting consecutive fours off R Ashwin including a trademark inside-out shot before CSK moved 33/2 at the end of powerplay.
With the scoring-rate stuck at 6 Moeen clobbered two sixes off Ashwin in the ninth over but the right-arm spinner eventually got his man after Moeen tried getting a little too cheeky and ended up playing it into the hands of Dhawan who took a sharp running catch.
At the halfway mark CSK were placed at 71/3 with Raina and Ambati Rayudu out in the middle looking to up the ante.
Raina smacked two sixes against Amit Mishra who was bowling beautifully before the left-hander launched his googlies into the orbit with a slog sweep over deep mid-wicket.
The duo of Raina and Rayudu brought up their fifty-partnership off just 24 deliveries leading the way through for CSK. Raina got to his fifty in style smashing a half volley for a maximum and with it became the first batsman to score a fifty of the season.
Tom Curran helped DC pull the things back after getting the crucial wicket of Rayudu as Dhawan safely grabbed yet another catch in the innings. Ravindra Jadeja joined Raina out in the middle and struck two boundaries on the first two deliveries that he faced.
With five overs to go DC managed to get the all-important wicket of the dangerous-looking Raina after the left-hander was involved in a mix-up with Jadeja eventually running himself out.
Adding to the worries of CSK skipper MS Dhoni got out on the second delivery that he faced providing Avesh his second wicket.
CSK reached the 150-mark at the end of 17 overs hoping to finish on a high note. Avesh bowled beautifully at the death ending with figures of 2-23 off his four overs.
Sam Curran clubbed two sixes and a four in the penultimate over and it was his brother Tom at the receiving end.
Curran and Jadeja brought up the fifty-run stand powering CSK to a comprehensive total before Woakes hit the timber on the last ball of the innings.
Brief Scores Delhi Capitals 190/3 Shikhar Dhawan 85 Prithvi Shaw 72 Shardul Thakur 2-53 beat Chennai Super Kings 188/7 Suresh Raina 54 Moeen Ali 36 Chris Woakes 2/18 by 7 wickets

Date 09 Apr 2021

VIVO IPL 2021 Match 1 MI vs RCB – Match Report


Royal Challengers Bangalore RCB kicked off their VIVO Indian Premier League IPL 2021 campaign with a 2-wicket win against the Mumbai Indians MI on Friday at the M. A. Chidambaram Stadium in Chennai.
Harshal Patel starred with the ball picking a fifer and AB de Villiers provided the finishing touch giving RCB their first win of the season.
Chris Lynn along with the six-foot-eight-inch left-arm Proteas seamer Marco Jansen made their respective debuts for MI.
Chasing a total of 160 Washington Sundar who opened the batting for the first time in the IPL was dropped off Boult on the second ball of the innings. The RCB skipper Virat Kohli at the other end got off the mark with a leading edge that raced away to the boundary.
RCB openers started confidently tackling the pace of Boult and Bumrah and subsequently attacking the young left-arm pacer Jansen.
Krunal Pandya provided the early breakthrough for MI dismissing Sundar in the 5th over.  Rajat Patidar who walked in next hit a boundary before he was knocked over by a beauty from Boult giving MI their second wicket.
Maxwell joined skipper Kohli in the middle with RCB trying to rebuild after two wickets falling inside the powerplay.
Rahul Chahar was introduced into the attack and Glenn Maxwell took the leg-spinner on perfectly executing his trademark switch hit and later played a lofted drive inside out producing the same result.
At the halfway stage RCB were 75-2 with both Maxwell and Kohli looking settled. In the eleventh over Maxwell tonked Krunal Pandya for a maximum that went deep into the night sky and out of Chepauk.
RCB were cruising thanks to the Big Show and MI were desperately looking for a breakthrough. Jasprit Bumrah was brought back to the attack and he got the job done for the team dismissing the RCB skipper in the 13th over.
MI got two timely wickets in quick succession including the wicket of well-settled Maxwell. But AB de Villiers who was joined by Daniel Christian got 15 runs off Rahul Chahar getting RCB closer to the ask with four overs to go.
Skipper Rohit Sharma handed over the ball to the best in the business – Jasprit Bumrah and he delivered once again dismissing Daniel Christian and conceding just 5 runs in the 17th over.
AB de Villiers kept RCB’s hopes alive after the righthander smashed 15 runs off the 18th over bowled by Boult as well as struck two crucial boundaries against Bumrah in the penultimate over.
With 3 runs required off the last 3 deliveries de Villiers ran himself out in an attempt to steal a double but RCB got off the line winning on the last ball.

Earlier RCB who elected to bowl first were joined by some fresh faces in the squad in the form of Glenn Maxwell Kyle Jamieson and Rajat Patidar. Daniel Christian was also back after eight years for the same franchise.
The MI openers got off to a watchful start with both Siraj and Jamieson being right on the money with the new ball conceding only 12 runs in the first three overs.
Rohit Sharma eased off the pressure after lofting Chahal over mid-on for the first six of the season but was soon run out after a slight confusion between the MI skipper and Chris Lynn giving RCB their first breakthrough.
Suryakumar Yadav who was the next man in got off the mark in style with a boundary as the Mumbai Indians reached 41/1 at the end of the powerplay.
Although Lynn took his time to settle the right-hander was up and running after he took on the left-arm spinner Shahbaz Ahmed smashing 14 runs in the over. A front-foot no-ball from Harshal Patel bettered Lynn’s confidence as the right-hander took full advantage of the free hit.
The duo negated the early wicket pressure after bringing up the fifty partnership between the two as the Mumbai Indians moved to 86/1 at the halfway stage.
Kyle Jamieson provided the all-important breakthrough of the dangerous-looking Suryakumar Yadav in the 11th over after skipper Virat Kohli handed over the ball to the right-arm pacer eventually turning out to be a fruitful decision.
Washington Sundar was introduced in the 13th over and he made it count by taking an excellent running catch off his own bowling to dismiss Chris Lynn who fell one short of his fifty.
Despite losing wickets in quick succession Hardik Pandya and Ishan Kishan ensured the boundaries kept coming in for the Mumbai Indians as they approached the business end of the innings.
Harshal Patel broke the 30-run partnership with a cleverly bowled slower delivery that trapped Hardik Pandya who walked across the stumps followed by Ishan Kishan who was dismissed in the same fashion after being dropped twice in the deep.
The pacer was back to bowl the final over of the innings and managed to get rid of Krunal Pandya and Keiron Pollard on consecutive deliveries and then castled Jansen’s stumps in the same over becoming the first-ever bowler in IPL history to register a fifer against the Mumbai Indians.
Brief Scores Royal Challengers Bangalore 160/8 AB de Villiers 48 Maxwell 39 Bumrah 2/26 beat Mumbai Indians 159/9 Chris Lynn 49 Suryakumar Yadav 31 Harshal Patel 5/27 by 2 wickets

Date 10 Nov 2020

Dream11 IPL 2020 Final MI vs DC – Match Report


Rohit Sharma led from the front while Trent Boult starred with the ball as Mumbai Indians MI beat Delhi Capitals DC by five wickets in the Dream11 Indian Premier League IPL 2020 final in Dubai on Tuesday and clinched their fifth IPL title.
Needing 157 runs to win the final MI were off to a flying start as Rohit who completed 4000 IPL runs for MI and Quinton de Kock attacked from the word go taking MI to 45/0 after 4 overs.
However their partnership was broken after de Kock was dismissed by Marcus Stoinis.
Suryakumar Yadav replaced de Kock in the middle and announced his arrival in style creaming a four and a six on the first two balls he faced before MI marched to 61/1 after the end of powerplay.
While DC bowled two tight overs Rohit went after Pravin Dubey in the ninth over hitting the leg-spinner for two sixes. The MI skipper then completed 3000 IPL runs as captain as MI moved closer to 90 at the halfway stage of the chase. MI though lost Surya in the 11th over following a mix-up in the middle with Rohit.
Rohit then notched up his third half-century of the season and took MI past the hundred-run mark in the 12th over.
Ishan who had joined Rohit in the middle after Surya’s fall continued his good run of form as he zoomed to 26 off 15 balls at the end of the 16th over.
While Anrich Nortje and Kagiso Rabada picked three wickets including that of Rohit Ishan Kishan took the team home with 8 balls to spare.
Earlier MI made one change to their playing XI as Jayant Yadav replaced Rahul Chahar. Meanwhile DC retained the team which took the field in Qualifier 2.
MI were off to a cracking start as Trent Boult struck on the first ball dismissing Marcus Stoinis who edged one to the wicketkeeper. The left-arm pacer picked his second wicket in his next over as Ajinkya Rahane was strangled down the leg side.
MI introduced spin into the attack in the fourth over and the move worked straightway as Jayant Yadav got Shikhar Dhawan out after the left-hander missed his slog-sweep.
DC needed Shreyas Iyer and Rishabh Pant to do a rebuilding job and the two delivered when their team needed it in the all-important final.
While Iyer got a life in the sixth over after Ishan Kishan despite his brilliant effort in the field could not complete a difficult catch he and Pant took DC past 40. The two added 18 runs in the next three overs before Pant clobbered two sixes off Krunal Pandya as the two completed a 50-run stand taking DC closer to 80 after the end of 10 overs.
DC brought up their hundred in the 14th over before Pant completed a fine counterattacking fifty in the next over. However the DC wicketkeeper got out in the same over after being holed out at fine-leg off Nathan Coulter-Nile’s over.
Two overs later Iyer hit two fours and completed his third fifty of the season before Boult bowling his final over of the night picked his third wicket of the match dismissing Shimron Hetmyer.While Iyer remained not out on 65 DC eventually posted 156/7 on the board.
Brief Scores Mumbai Indians 157/5 Rohit Sharma 68 Ishan Kishan 33* Anrich Nortje 2/25 beat Delhi Capitals 156/7 Shreyas Iyer 65* Rishabh Pant 56 Trent Boult 3/30 by five wickets

Date 09 Nov 2020

Jio Women’s T20 Challenge Final Trailblazers vs Supernovas – Match Report


Smriti Mandhana starred with the bat while Salma Khatun picked three wickets as Trailblazers beat Supernovas by 16 runs to clinch the Jio Women’s T20 Challenge title at the Sharjah Cricket Stadium on Monday.
Needing 119 runs to win Supernovas lost Chamari Athapaththu early as Sophie Ecclestone trapped her before the wickets to give Trailblazers their first breakthrough.
Trailblazers kept things tight restricting Supernovas to 28/1 at the end of the powerplay. As Supernovas looked for some quick runs Trailblazers then struck twice in the space of three overs as Deepti Sharma got Taniya Bhatia and Jemimah Rodrigues out.
While Bhatia was caught at short mid-wicket Nattakan Chantam who had earlier pulled off a stunning diving save near the boundary rope completed a remarkable catch to dismiss Jemimah.
Supernovas needed a partnership to get their chase back on track and the experienced duo of Harmanpreet Kaur and Shashikala Siriwardene did just that putting up a 37-run stand.
But just when it looked that the two would shift the gears Salma Khatun dismissed Siriwardene after the Sri Lankan top-edged her sweep and Jhulan Goswami completed an easy catch.
The required run-rate continued to rise for Supernovas as Trailblazers squeezed the flow of runs.
While Harman despite struggling with her hamstring kept the team’s hopes alive with 28 needed from the last two overs Trailblazers dealt the decisive blow as they picked three wickets including that of Harmanpreet after Salma Khatun disturbed the timber.
Trailblazers conceded just seven runs in the final over and went on to beat Supernovas by 16 runs to clinch the title.
Earlier Supernovas who brought in Pooja Vastrakar in place of Priya Punia in the team elected to bowl against Trailblazers who picked Nuzhat Parween in place of Dayalan Hemalatha.
While Deandra Dottin creamed a four in the first over skipper Smriti Mandhana hit three fours and a six in the next two overs to take Trailblazers to 27 after three overs. The pair added 18 runs in the next three overs and completed a fifty-run stand in the seventh over with Smriti doing the majority of the scoring.
Supernovas though pulled back the things in the next four overs conceding just 15 runs and that helped them get a wicket in the 12th over as Poonam Yadav dismissed Dottin after Radha Yadav completed a juggling catch.
Smriti though completed a fine fifty in the same over hitting Poonam for a four and a six as Trailblazers reached 85/1.
While Trailblazers moved past hundred in the 15th over they lost Smriti for 68 in the same over courtesy a fine work behind the stumps from Taniya Bhatia.
Supernovas then ran through Trailblazers batting order. Radha Yadav brought back into the attack in the 18th over picked two wickets dismissing Deepti Sharma and Richa Ghosh and then went on to pick three more wickets in the final over to become the first bowler to pick a five-wicket haul in the Women’s T20 Challenge helping Supernovas limit Trailblazers to 118/8.
Brief Scores Trailblazers 118/8 Smriti Mandhana 68 Deandra Dottin 20 Radha Yadav 5/16 beat Supernovas 102/7 Harmanpreet Kaur 30 Shashikala Siriwardene 19 Salma Khatun 3/18 by 16 runs

Date 08 Nov 2020

Dream11 IPL 2020 Qualifier 2 DC vs SRH – Match Report


Marcus Stoinis Shikhar Dhawan and Kagiso Rabada played pivotal roles as Delhi Capitals DC beat Sunrisers Hyderabad SRH by 17 runs in Qualifier 2 of the Dream11 Indian Premier League IPL 2020 in Abu Dhabi on Sunday to set up a final showdown against Mumbai Indians.
After putting up 189/3 on the board on the back of Dhawan’s 78 Hetmyer’s 42 and Stoinis’ 38 DC limited SRH to 172/8 to make it to their first ever IPL final.
Needing 190 runs to win SRH suffered a big blow as Kagiso Rabada dismissed David Warner in the second over. While Manish Pandey and Priyam Garg counterattacked to take SRH to 36 after the end of the fourth over.
But Marcus Stoinis struck twice in the fifth over to dismiss both the batsmen. First he disturbed the timber to get Garg out and then had Manish caught at mid-on.
SRH were in need of a partnership and Kane Williamson and Jason Holder did just that to bring some stability to the SRH chase. The pair added 46 runs together. But just when it looked that the two were looking to up the ante Axar Patel struck to get Holder out in the 12th over.
Abdul Samad then joined Williamson in the middle before SRH crossed the 100-run mark in the 13th over with a six from Williamson. The two put up a solid fight to keep SRH’s hopes alive.
Young Samad went after Nortje in the 15th over hitting the speedster for two fours and a six before he and Williamson scored 10 runs in the 16th over to bring down the required target to 51 runs from 24 balls.
While Williamson creamed a four in the 17th over he got out in the same over as Stoinis scalped his third wicket of the match dismissing the SRH batsman after his well-compiled 67 off 45 balls.
Although Rashid Khan and Samad teamed up to hit two sixes and a four in the next eight deliveries Rabada’s three-wicket over ended SRH’s hopes. The right-arm pacer had Samad caught after his 16-ball 33-run blitz and then dismissed Rashid and Shreevats Goswami before DC restricted SRH to 172/8 to seal a win.
Earlier DC who elected to bat made two changes to their team as Shimron Hetmyer and Pravin Dubey replaced Daniel Sams and Prithvi Shaw. SRH meanwhile retained the same playing XI.
Marcus Stoinis was promoted at the top of the order with Shikhar Dhawan and the duo made a watchful start. Stoinis got a life in the third over after Jason Holder could not complete a catch at short mid-on and he made SRH pay immediately hammering five fours and a six in the course of next nine balls as DC got a move on.
Dhawan joined the party as he hit three fours and a six in the next two overs as he and Stoinis powered DC to 65/0 at the end of the powerplay.
SRH were desperately looking for a breakthrough and Rashid Khan provided them with one as he ended Stoinis’ 38-run innings in the ninth over.
In the next over Dhawan brought up his fifty and DC moved past 100. But SRH managed to keep the things tight in the next over four overs conceding 24 runs and that helped them fetch a wicket as Shreyas Iyer got out for 21.
Dhawan was then joined by Shimron Hetmyer in the middle. The two added 32 runs in the next three overs before hammering 18 runs in the 18th over hitting four fours. However Dhawan got out in the 19th over after scoring a fine 78 as DC eventually posted 189/3 on the board.
Brief Scores Delhi Capitals 189/3 Shikhar Dhawan 78 Shimron Hetmyer 42* Rashid Khan 1/26 beat Sunrisers Hyderabad 172/8 Kane Williamson 67 Abdul Samad 33 Kagiso Rabada 4/29 by 17 runs

Date 07 Nov 2020

Jio Women’s T20 Challenge Trailblazers vs Supernovas – Match Report


Supernovas held their nerve in a last-ball thriller to beat Trailblazers by two runs in the third match in Sharjah on Saturday and with it sealed a place in the Jio Women’s T20 Challenge final where they will face Trailblazers.
Trailblazers needing 147 runs to win made a solid start in the chase as Deandra Dottin and Smriti Mandhana took their team to 43/0 after 6 overs with the right-hander doing the majority of the scoring.
However the partnership was broken in the seventh over after Shakera Selman struck twice in the seventh over. First the right-arm pacer got Dottin out LBW and then disturbed the timber to dismiss Richa Ghosh.
While Mandhana and Deepti Sharma added 35 runs together Supernovas kept the things tight denying Trailblazers a chance to up the ante. The approach helped Supernovas to pick two quick wickets. While Anuja Patil got Mandhana out caught and bowled Radha Yadav had Dayalan Hemalatha caught behind the wickets on the final ball of the 15th over.
Trailblazers needed 56 runs from the last five overs when Deepti Sharma and Harleen Deol joined hands. The two hit a four each in the 16th over as Trailblazers moved past hundred.
Trailblazers scored nine off the 17th over before Harleen Deol hit two fours in the 18th over to bring down the target to 24 runs from the last 12 balls. In the penultimate over Deepti hit two fours and Trailblazers scored 14 runs.
With nine runs to defend in the final over Harmanpreet Kaur handed the ball to Radha Yadav. The left-arm spinner conceded 6 runs off the first four balls and then ended Harleen Deol’s 27-run blitz on the fifth ball of the over. Trailblazers needed 4 runs on the final ball to seal a win. But Radha kept her calm and gave away just a run as Supernovas sealed a two-run win.
Earlier Harmanpreet Kaur won the toss and Supernovas elected to bat. While Priya Punia struggled to find the gaps Chamari Athapaththu made a cracking start as Supernovas scored 50/0 in the powerplay.
The left-hander creamed two fours off Deepti Sharma in the second over and followed it up with a six and a four in the off-spinner’s next over.
The fifth over in the powerplay was bowled by Jhulan Goswami and Supernovas scored 16 runs off it with Athapaththu adding one more four and six to her account.
Punia hit her first four of the match in the last over of the powerplay before completing a fifty-run stand with Athapaththu.In the next four overs the pair added 30 runs as Supernovas moved to 80/0 after 10 overs.
Trailblazers were looking for a breakthrough and they got one in the 12th over as Deepti Sharma took a stunning catch off Salma Khatun’s bowling to dismiss Priya Punia for 30.
In the next over Athapaththu brought up a fine half-century before Supernovas reached the 100-run mark in the 15th over. The big-hitting Sri Lankan then took on Khatun in the 16th over creaming a six and a four.
Trailblazers though managed to strike twice in the next two overs via Harleen Deol and Jhulan Goswami as Supernovas lost Chamari Athapaththu after a stroke-filled 67 and Jemimah Rodrigues.
Harmanpreet Kaur went after Harleen Deol in the penultimate over hitting a four and a six as Supernovas moved past 140. While Supernovas looked set to go past 150 Trailblazers bowled a three-wicket final over and limited Supernovas to 146/6.
Brief Scores Supernovas 146/6 Chamari Athapaththu 67 Harmanpreet Kaur 31 Jhulan Goswami 1/17 beat Trailblazers 144/5 Deepti Sharma 43* Smriti Mandhana 33 Radha Yadav 2/30 by two runs

Date 06 Nov 2020

Dream11 IPL 2020 Eliminator SRH vs RCB – Match Report


Jason Holder enjoyed a fine outing with the ball and bat while Kane Williamson scored a fine 50* as Sunrisers Hyderabad SRH set up a Qualifier 2 clash with Delhi Capitals DC after beating Royal Challengers Bangalore RCB by six wickets in Eliminator of the Dream11 Indian Premier League IPL 2020 in Abu Dhabi on Friday.
Needing 132 runs to win SRH lost their first wicket in the first over after Shreevats Goswami got out for 0 off Mohammed Siraj’s bowling.
While RCB kept the things tight in the first two and half overs Manish Pandey creamed six off Siraj in the third over to help SRH make a move. In the two overs Manish and David Warner hit four fours between them.
Warner started the final over of the powerplay with two fours through the off-side. But the SRH skipper got out in the same over after the third umpire overturned the on-field decision.
RCB squeezed the flow of runs in the next three overs conceding just 8 runs and got the wicket of Manish Pandey as AB de Villiers completed a fine catch behind the wickets off Adam Zampa’s bowling.
Yuzvendra Chahal bowling the 12th over then dismissed Priyam Garg to put SRH in a spot of bother.
Jason Holder joined Kane Williamson in the middle as SRH needed some stability and quick runs without losing any wickets.
Williamson then hit the first boundary for SRH after the powerplay as he went over deep mid-wicket to hit a maximum. The right-hander added one more six to his account as SRH moved to 97/4 at the close of the 16th over.
With 35 runs needed from the last four overs Williamson’s deft touches and some sensible batting by him and Holder saw SRH score 17 runs. The Williamson-Holder duo completed a fifty-run stand scoring nine runs off the penultimate over.
Navdeep Saini conceded just a run on the first two balls of the final over. With 8 needed off the last four deliveries Holder kept calm and creamed two successive fours as SRH sealed a six-wicket win with two balls to spare.
While Williamson scored an unbeaten 50 and Holder scored 24 not out the duo’s unbroken stand of 65 runs powered SRH to Qualifier 2.
Earlier SRH who elected to bowl brought in Shreevats Goswami in place of injured Wriddhiman Saha. Meanwhile RCB made as many as four changes to their playing XI as Navdeep Saini Aaron Finch Moeen Ali and Adam Zampa replaced Chris Morris Isuru Udana Shahbaz Ahmed and Josh Phillipe.
Virat Kohli opened the innings with Devdutt Padikkal. But the RCB skipper got out in the second over after he gloved a Jason Holder delivery and was caught by Shreevats Goswami. The West Indian added one more wicket to his account as he dismissed Devdutt Padikkal in his second over.
While Aaron Finch who completed 2000 IPL runs and AB de Villiers added 41 runs to take RCB past fifty SRH struck twice in the 11th over. Shahbaz Nadeem dismissed Finch for 32 after the right-hander was holed out in the deep. SRH then struck on a free-hit as Rashid Khan’s brilliant direct-hit caught Moeen Ali short of his crease.
ABD though continued to put a solid fight and added 37 runs together with Shivam Dube. However the left-hander got out in the 16th over as Holder scalped his third wicket of the match. ABD then brought up a well-compiled half-century.
SRH though continued to chip away as T Natarajan bowled a two-wicket over. First the left-arm pacer had Washington Sundar caught in the deep and then with a brilliant yorker got ABD out for 56 in the 18th over before SRH eventually limited RCB to 131/7.
Brief Scores Sunrisers Hyderabad 132/4 Kane Williamson 50* Jason Holder 24* Mohammed Siraj 2/28 beat Royal Challengers Bangalore 131/7 AB de Villiers 56 Aaron Finch 32 Jason Holder 3/25 by six wickets

Date 05 Nov 2020

Dream11 IPL 2020 Qualifier 1 MI vs DC – Match Report


Mumbai Indians marched into the Dream11 Indian Premier League IPL 2020 Final after they beat Delhi Capitals DC by 57 runs in Qualifier 1 at the Dubai International Cricket Stadium on Thursday.
After fifties from Ishan Kishan and Suryakumar Yadav and cameos from Hardik Pandya and Quinton de Kock powered MI to 200/5 Jasprit Bumrah and Trent Boult ran through DC’s line-up restricting them to 143/8.
Needing 201 runs to win DC were reduced to 0/3. Boult bowled a two-wicket maiden dismissing Prithvi Shaw and Ajinkya Rahane in the first over. Bumrah bowled a ripper of a yorker to disturb the timber to get Shikhar Dhawan out.
While Shreyas Iyer looked to counterattack Bumrah had Iyer caught in the fourth over. Krunal Pandya gave MI their fifth wicket after Rishabh Pant was holed out in the deep in the eighth over.
Marcus Stoinis put up a brave fight with the bat as he and Axar Patel added 71 runs together. However Bumrah’s return into the attack ended Stoinis’ 45-ball 65-run knock in the 16th over. In the same over Bumrah picked his fourth wicket as Daniel Sams was caught behind the wicket. DC eventually scored 143/8.
Earlier DC who elected to bowl remained unchanged while MI made three changes to their playing XI bringing in Jasprit Bumrah Hardik Pandya and Trent Boult.
Quinton de Kock made a cracking start as the left-hander creamed three fours in the first over bowled by Daniel Sams. However DC struck in the second over after R Ashwin scalped the big wicket of Rohit Sharma trapping the MI skipper before the wickets.
de Kock and Suryakumar Yadav though continued to attack as the pair took on the DC bowlers to power MI to 63/1 in the powerplay with the left-hander moving to 38 and Surya scoring 22 off 14 balls.
However Ashwin broke the de Kock-Surya stand in the eighth over after de Kock was holed out in the deep.
Surya continued his merry ways and brought up yet another stylish fifty of the season as MI moved past hundred in the 12th over. However DC struck back picking two wickets in quick succession dismissing Surya for 51 and getting Kieron Pollard out for zero.
Ishan Kishan and Krunal Pandya though denied DC any immediate success. The duo put up a 39-run stand in 23 balls. While Krunal was watchful in his approach Kishan started to open his shoulders and hit a four and a six off Kagiso Rabada in the 15th over. The pair hit two fours and a six in the next over before Krunal got out in the 17th over.
MI were 145/5 with three overs to go and then Hardik and Kishan went berserk. The two hit a six each in the 18th over. Hardik then creamed Rabada for two sixes in the penultimate over while Ishan hit a four as MI scored 18 from the over.
The two then went after Nortje in the final over. While the right-arm pacer conceded just a run from the first two balls Hardik slammed two sixes on the next two deliveries before Kishan sent one over the ropes on the final ball of the innings to take MI to 200.
While Kishan remained unbeaten 55 off 30 balls Hardik slammed 37* from 14 balls.
Brief Scores Mumbai Indians 200/5 Ishan Kishan 55* Suryakumar Yadav 51 R Ashwin 3/29 beat Delhi Capitals 143/8 Marcus Stoinis 65 Axar Patel 42 Jasprit Bumrah 4/14 by 57 runs

Date 05 Nov 2020

Jio Women’s T20 Challenge Velocity vs Trailblazers – Match Report


Sophie Ecclestone Jhulan Goswami and Rajeshwari Gayakwad shared the spoils as Trailblazers beat Velocity in the second match of the Jio Women’s T20 Challenge in Sharjah on Thursday.
Velocity who were coming into this match on the back of their five-wicket win against Supernovas elected to bat against Trailblazers.
Trailblazers came all out all guns blazing as Jhulan Goswami and Sophie Ecclestone ran through Velocity’s batting order reducing them to 22/5 at the end of the powerplay.
Goswami set the ball rolling for Trailblazer as she disturbed the timber to dismiss Shafali Verma in the third over. Ecclestone then scalped two big wickets in the fourth over as she got Mithali Raj and Veda Krishnamurthy on successive deliveries.
Goswami picked her second wicket in the match in her next over after Smriti Mandhana completed an easy catch at mid-off to get Danielle Wyatt out for 3.
Rajeshwari Gayakwad joined the wicket-taking party in the ninth over as she struck on back-to-back deliveries dismissing Sune Luus who had scored a match-winning 37* against Supernovas and Sushree Dibyadarshini.
While Shikha Pandey hit a couple of fours she was run-out in the 12th over. Ecclestone then closed out Velocity’s innings as she picked her fourth wicket helping her side bowl out Velocity for 47.
In the chase Trailblazer lost Mandhana as Leigh Kasperek struck in the fourth over.
However Deandra Dotting who scored 29* off 28 and Richa Ghosh who remained not out on 13 put up an unbroken 37-run stand to take the team home.
Brief Scores Trailblazers 49/1 Deandra Dottin 29* Richa Ghosh 13 Leigh Kasperek 1/5 beat Velocity 47/10 Shafali Verma 13 Leigh Kasperek 11* Sophie Ecclestone 4/9 Jhulan Goswami 2/13 Rajeshwari Gayakwad 2/13 by nine wickets

Date 04 Nov 2020

Jio Women’s T20 Challenge Supernovas vs Velocity – Match Report


Sushma Verma and Sune Luus starred with the bat as Velocity beat Supernovas by five wickets in the Jio Women’s T20 Challenge opener in Sharjah on Wednesday.
Defending 126 Supernovas struck in the first over as Ayabonga Khaka got the wicket of Danielle Wyatt. While Shafali Verma hammered four fours to move to 17 the right-hander got out in the third over as Khaka picked her second wicket.
Shashikala Siriwardene then gave Supernovas a big breakthrough as she dismissed Mithali Raj in the ninth over after the Velocity skipper was holed out in the deep.
While Veda kept the scorecard ticking scoring 28 off 29 balls Radha Yadav got her out in the 13th over after Chamari Athapaththu completed the catch at extra covers.
But Sushma Verma and Sune Luus turned the tide. The pair joined hands in the 14th over. Luus and Verma then hit two sixes and a four in the next two overs.
Velocity moved past hundred in the 17th over as Verma creamed another six. Supernovas though managed to break the 51-run stand between Verma and Luss as Poonam Yadav ended Verma’s fine 34-run knock in the 19th over.
Velocity needed nine runs of the last over to seal a win. Luus hit a four on the second ball after Shikha Pandey scored a single on the first delivery and with it brought down the target to 4 runs off 4 balls.
While Supernovas gave away two runs on the next two balls Luus hit a four on the penultimate ball of the match to complete Velocity’s five-wicket win.
Earlier Mithali Raj won the toss and Velocity elected to bowl. Supernovas openers – Priya Punia and Chamari Athapaththu – made a steady start. But their 30-run stand was broken in the sixth over after Leigh Kasperek dismissed Punia for 11.
Ekta Bisht gave Velocity their second wicket as she got Jemimah Rodrigues out in the eighth over.
Supernovas moved past fifty in the tenth over before Chamari Athapaththu creamed two sixes in the next two overs. Harmanpreet Kaur joined the six-hitting party as she tonked Sune Luus for a maximum in the 13th over.
The Chamari Athapaththu-Harmanpreet’s 43-run stand was broken in the 14th over after Jahanara Alam dismissed Athapaththu for 44.
Supernovas brought up their hundred in the 15th over as Harman creamed her second six of the match. A couple of overs later though Harman got out after scoring 31 off 27 balls.
Velocity eventually restricted Supernovas to 126/8 as Ekta Bisht picked three wickets while Jahanara Alam and Leigh Kasperek scalped two wickets each.
Brief Scores Velocity 129/5 Sune Luus 37* Sushma Verma 34 Ayabonga Khaka 2/27 beat Supernovas 126/8 Chamari Athapaththu 44 Harmanpreet Kaur 31 Ekta Bisht 3/22 by five wickets

Date 03 Nov 2020

Dream11 IPL 2020 Match 56 SRH vs MI - Match Report


Sunrisers Hyderabad SRH sealed a place in the Dream11 Indian Premier League IPL 2020 playoffs after they beat Mumbai Indians MI by ten wickets in Match 56 at the Sharjah Cricket Stadium on Tuesday.
After a fine all-round bowling display helped SRH restrict MI to 149/8 David Warner and Wriddhiman Saha’s -run opening stand powered SRH to a convincing win.
Needing 150 runs to win SRH came out all guns blazing. While Wriddhiman Saha set the ball rolling creaming a six and a four in the second over and followed it up with two fours in the next over David Warner slammed three fours in the fourth over.
The pair added three more fours in the next two overs as SRH moved to 56 after the end of six overs. The duo continued their merry ways and scored 33 in the next four overs as SRH reached 89/0 at the halfway stage of the chase with Saha and Warner batting on 43 and 44 respectively.
It did not take too long for the pair to complete a hundred-run partnership and notch up individual fifties in the 12th over. A couple of overs later Warner completed 500 runs in the season.
While Warne remained unbeaten on 85 Saha scored 58* as SRH completed a comprehensive win on the first ball of the 18th over and with it joined MI Delhi Capitals and Royal Challengers Bangalore in the playoffs.
Earlier Rohit Sharma returned to lead MI who rested Jasprit Bumrah and Trent Boult and brought in Dhawal Kulkarni and James Pattinson in the playing XI. Meanwhile SRH who elected to bowl replaced Abhishek Sharma with Priyam Garg.
Sandeep Sharma gave SRH an early breakthrough as he dismissed Rohit Sharma in the third over after David Warner completed a good low catch at mid-off.
Quinton de Kock then took on Sandeep Sharma in the fifth over creaming a four and two sixes. But the bowler had the last laugh as the left-hander in the same over dragged a fulltoss back on the stumps and got out for 25.
Suryakumar Yadav and Ishan Kishan joined forces after de Kock’s dismissal and the two kept the scorecard ticking adding 42 runs to take MI past 80.
But SRH struck back in the 12th over courtesy a two-wicket over from Shahbaz Nadeem. First the left-arm spinner got Surya out after Wriddhiman Saha did a brilliant job to catch Surya short of crease. Three balls later Kane Williamson took a fine catch as MI lost Krunal Pandya.
Rashid Khan provided SRH their fifth wicket as he got Saurabh Tiwary out. The leg-spinner had a chance to scalp his second wicket but he could not hold on to a catch while running towards the square-leg as Ishan Kishan got a life.
Kishan and Kieron Pollard then took MI past hundred as the duo added 33 runs together. However just when it looked that Kishan was upping the ante Sandeep struck as Ishan mistimed his shot and dragged a ball back onto the stumps.
While MI lost two more wickets Pollard who completed 3000 IPL runs slammed 41 off 25 balls to guide MI to 149/8.
Brief Scores Sunrisers Hyderabad 151/0 David Warner 85* Wriddhiman Saha 58* beat Mumbai Indians 149/8 Kieron Pollard 41 Suryakumar Yadav 36 Sandeep Sharma 3/34 by ten wickets

Date 02 Nov 2020

Dream11 IPL 2020 Match 55 DC vs RCB – Match Report


Delhi Capitals DC sealed a place in the Qualifier 1 as they beat Royal Challengers Bangalore RCB by six wickets in Match 55 of the Dream11 Indian Premier League IPL 2020 at the Sheikh Zayed Stadium in Abu Dhabi on Monday.
Meanwhile RCB despite the defeat and because of their NRR made it to the playoffs and joined DC and Mumbai Indians in the top four.
RCB who were also eying a place in the playoffs had to make sure that DC did not chase down the target in 17.3 overs and their bowlers did the job denying DC a chance to cross the finish line before the 17.3-over mark.
Needing 153 runs to win DC lost Prithvi Shaw for 9 in the second over as Mohammed Siraj disturbed the timber.
Shikhar Dhawan and Ajinkya Rahane though denied RCB any immediate success as the two scored at a brisk pace to take DC past fifty at the end of the powerplay.
The pair did not take any undue risks but made sure to keep the scorecard ticking as their side reached 81/1 at the halfway stage of the chase.
A couple of overs later Dhawan who was coming into this game on the back of a few scores following four successive fifty-plus knocks including two tons completed his fifty. However the left-hander got out in the 13th over off Shahbaz Ahmed’s bowling.
Rahane though continued his good work and completed his 28th IPL fifty as DC moved past 120 after 15 overs.
While DC lost Shreyas Iyer and Rahane in the 17th and 18th over respectively Rishabh Pant and Marcus Stoinis made sure that DC registered a win and with it a place in the top two.
Earlier DC who elected to bowl made three changes to their team as Ajinkya Rahane Axar Patel and Daniel Sams replaced Harshal Patel Pravin Dube and Shimron Hetmyer. Meanwhile RCB brought back Shivam Dube.
DC bowlers kept things tight as RCB openers – Josh Phillipe and Devdutt Padikkal – could only score 25 from the first four overs. The pressure applied by DC helped them get their first wicket as Phillipe got in the fifth over as Kagiso Rabada struck on his first ball of the night.
Virat Kohli announced his arrival in the middle with a gorgeous cover drive in the sixth over before RCB moved past fifty in the eighth over. The RCB then skipper got a life in the 10th over after Anrich Nortje could not complete the catch.
Kohli then creamed a four and a six as he and Padikkal completed a fifty-run stand in the 12th over.
However just when it looked like Kohli was looking to shift gears he got out after Marcus Stoinis completed a fine catch off R Ashwin’s bowling.
While Padikkal brought up his fourth half-century of the season and RCB brought up their 100 in the 15th over RCB lost Padikkal and Chris Morris in the next over as Anrich Nortje struck twice in the space of three deliveries.
RCB needed a few big hits to get a move on and Shivam Dube and AB de Villiers scored 28 from the next 10 balls as RCB moved past 140. But DC denied RCB a big finish as Rabada dismissed Dube on the final ball of the penultimate over. In the final over ABD going for a second run to keep the strike was run out as DC limited RCB to 152/7.
Brief Scores Delhi Capitals 154/4 Ajinkya Rahane 60 Shikhar Dhawan 54 Shahbaz Ahmed 2/26 beat Royal Challengers Bangalore 152/7 Devdutt Padikkal 50 AB de Villiers 35 Anrich Nortje 3/33 by six wickets

Date 01 Nov 2020

Dream11 IPL 2020 Match 54 KKR vs RR – Match Report


Eoin Morgan led from the front while Pat Cummins starred with the ball as Kolkata Knight Riders KKR beat Rajasthan Royal RR by 60 runs in Match 54 of the Dream11 Indian Premier League IPL 2020 in Dubai on Sunday and kept their playoff hopes alive.
Defending 191 KKR conceded 19 runs on the first five balls. But then KKR turned it on with the ball. Cummins had Robin Uthappa caught on the final ball of the first over.
Cummins bowling his second over picked two big wickets as RR lost Ben Stokes and Steve Smith. While Stokes got out after Dinesh Karthik toon a one-handed stunner Smith dragged one back onto the stumps.
Shivam Mavi gave KKR their fourth wicket after he had Sanju Samson caught behind the wickets before Cummins bowling his third over in the powerplay picked his fourth wicket dismissing Riyan Parag with a short ball.
Jos Buttler and Rahul Tewatia then added 43 runs together but Varun Chakravarthy broke the partnership after Buttlerm who scored 35 was holed out in the deep. While Tewatia put up some fight and scored 31 Chakravarthy dismissed the left-hander soon after RR moved past 100.
KKR eventually restricted RR to 131/9 to complete a comprehensive 60-run win.
Earlier RR who elected to bowl retained the same playing XI while Andre Russell and Shivam Mavi returned to KKR’s playing XI replacing Lockie Ferguson and Rinku Singh.
Jofra Archer struck in the first over as Nitish Rana got out without troubling the scorers. Shubman Gill and Rahul Tripathi though counterattacked to power KKR to 55/1 after the end of the powerplay.
But RR broke the second-wicket partnership between the two after Tewatia got the wicket of Gill in the ninth over. The leg-spinner picked one more in the same over as Sunil Narine got out for zero.
RR continued to chip away as KKR then lost Tripathi and Dinesh Karthik just before the team could reach the 100-run mark.
KKR though managed to regain the momentum as Russell and Morgan added a quickfire 45 off 18 deliveries. While Russell had moved to 25 in no time and looked set for a big one he got out in the 16th over.
Morgan who had earlier hammered two sixes and as many fours in the 14th over then took it upon himself as he went after his England teammate Ben Stokes in the penultimate over clobbering three sixes and a four to take KKR past 180 and complete his first fifty of the season.
The left-hander hit another six in the final over to move to his career-best IPL score of 68 and powered KKR to 191/7.
Brief Scores Kolkata Knight Riders 191/7 Eoin Morgan 68* Rahul Tripathi 39 Rahul Tewatia 3/25 beat Rajasthan Royals 131/9 Jos Buttler 35 Rahul Tewatia 31 Pat Cummins 4/34 by 60 runs

Date 01 Nov 2020

Dream11 IPL 2020 Match 53 CSK vs KXIP – Match Report


Ruturaj Gaikwad notched up his third successive half-century in the chase while Lungi Ngidi scalped three wickets as Chennai Super Kings CSK ended their Dream11 Indian Premier League IPL 2020 campaign on a high beating Kings XI Punjab KXIP by nine wickets in Match 53 in Abu Dhabi.
Needing 154 runs to win CSK were quick off the blocks as Faf du Plessis and Ruturaj Gaikwad made a solid start. The two took CSK to 22/0 after three overs before Faf got a life despite Deepak Hooda’s stunning effort in the field.
Faf and Gaikwad then added 35 runs at a rapid pace as CSK moved to 57/0 at the end of the powerplay. In the eighth over Gaikwad survived a close call after the third umpire overruled the on-field decision for a catch.
KXIP got a much-needed breakthrough in the 10th over after Faf could not time his scoop.
While KXIP were looking for a couple of wickets to keep things tight Gaikwad and Ambati Rayudu denied KXIP any success.
The pair did not take any undue risk and kept the scorecard ticking occasionally creaming a few fours as CSK moved 118/1 at the end of 15 overs.
In the next over Gaikwad notched his third half-century in the row. He and Rayudu completed a fifty-run stand in the 17th over before taking CSK home in the penultimate over.
Earlier MS Dhoni who made it clear that this won’t be his last game for CSK won the toss and elected to bowl. CSK brought in Faf du Plessis Imran Tahir and Shardul Thakur in place of Shane Watson Mitchell Santner and Karn Sharma. For KXIP a fit-again Mayank Agarwal and Jimmy Neesham returned to the playing XI in place of Glenn Maxwell and Arshdeep Singh.
KXIP announced their intent straightway as Mayank hit two fours in the first over. While Sam Curran conceded just four runs in the second over Mayank and KL Rahul scored 30 runs in the next three overs with the help of a six and four fours.
However the Mayank-Rahul partnership was broken as Lungi Ngidi struck in the final over of the powerplay dismissing Mayank for 26. A couple of overs later the right-arm pacer scalped one more wicket he disturbed the timber a slower-ball to get KL Rahul out.
Shardul Thakur and Imran Tahir then dismissed Nicholas Pooran and Chris Gayle respectively as CSK pushed KXIP on the backfoot reducing them 72/4 after 12 overs.
Deepak Hooda and Mandeep Singh though started the recovery as the pair added 36 runs to push KXIP past hundred. But Ravindra Jadeja broke the partnership as got the wicket of Mandeep in the 17th over. Jimmy Neesham departed soon after as Ruturaj Gaikwad took a brilliant catch to give Ngidi his third wicket.
Hooda though made sure KXIP got those big hits to post a fighting total on the board. The right-hander who had walked out to bat after Gayle’s dismissal creamed two sixes in the 18th over and notched up his first fifty of the season in the next over.
Hooda added one more four and six to his account in the last over and remained unbeaten on 62 off 30 balls to help KXIP post 153/6 on the board.
Brief Scores Chennai Super Kings 154/1 Ruturaj Gaikwad 62* Faf du Plessis 48 Chris Jordan 1/31 beat Kings XI Punjab 153/6 Deepak Hooda 62* KL Rahul 29 Lungi Ngidi 3/39 by nine wickets

Date 31 Oct 2020

Dream11 IPL 2020 Match 52 RCB vs SRH – Match Report


Sunrisers Hyderabad SRH kept their playoff hopes alive after they beat Royal Challengers Bangalore RCB by five wickets in Match 52 of the Dream11 Indian Premier League IPL 2020 in Sharjah on Saturday.
Needing 121 runs to win SRH lost David Warner in the second over. Manish Pandey though counterattacked hitting a six and a four in the next over and Wriddhiman Saha hit his first four of the match in the fourth over as SRH moved past 30.
The Manish-Saha pair added 28 runs in the next two overs as SRH posted 58/1 in the powerplay.
But SRH lost Manish soon after as Yuzvendra Chahal struck in his first over to give RCB their second wicket. The leg-spinner added one more wicket to his account after he deceived with a flight and got him out stumped. RCB continued to put up a fight as Isuru Udana dismissed Kane Williamson in the 13th over.
With 34 needed to seal a win Jason Holder walked out to bat and slammed 26* off 10 balls as SRH closed out the game with 5.5 overs to spare.
Earlier SRH who elected to bowl brought in Abhishek Shamra in place of an injured Vijay Shankar while RCB made two changes as Isuru Udana and Navdeep Saini replaced Dale Steyn and Shivam Dube in the playing XI.
SRH struck twice in the powerplay as Sandeep Sharma dismissed Devdutt Padikkal in the third over and then followed it up with a big wicket of Virat Kohli in the fifth over after the RCB skipper was caught by Kane Williamson.
SRH had a chance to see the back of AB de Villiers in the seventh over but Shahbaz Nadeem could not hold on to a caught and bowled opportunity.
But Nadeem redeemed himself and made up for that missed opportunity as he got ABD out in the 11th over after Abhishek Sharma completed the catch in the deep. RCB lost their fourth wicket in the next over as Phillipe was holed out at deep mid-wicket off Rashid Khan’s bowling.
Washington Sundar and Gurkeerat Singh Mann then pushed RCB past hundred before the former got out in the 18th over.SRH did not concede many in the last two overs and restricted RCB to 120/7.
Brief Scores Sunrisers Hyderabad 121/5 Wriddhiman Saha 39 Jason Holder 26* Yuzvendra Chahal 2/19 beat Royal Challengers Bangalore 120/7 Josh Phillipe 32 AB de Villiers 24 Sandeep Sharma 2/20 by five wickets

Date 31 Oct 2020

Dream11 IPL 2020 Match 51 DC vs MI – Match Report


Mumbai Indians MI consolidated their position at the top and moved to 18 points after they beat Delhi Capitals DC by wickets in Match 51 of the Dream11 Indian Premier League IPL 2020 on Saturday.
After Jasprit Bumrah and Trent Boult who picked three wickets each restricted DC to 110/9 Ishan Kishan slammed an unbeaten 72 as MI sealed a nine-wicket win at the Dubai International Cricket Stadium to confirm a top-two finish.
In the chase MI made a watchful start scoring 10 runs in the first three overs. Ishan Kishan and Quinton de Kock though teamed up to hit three fours in the fourth over before Kishan added two more fours to his account as MI moved to 38/0 after 6 overs.
The pair completed a fifty-run partnership in the ninth over before MI moved to 68/0 at the halfway stage of the chase.
But DC managed to break the opening stand after Anrich Nortje got de Kock out for 26 in the 11th over.
Kishan then brought up his third half-century of the season and 6th overall in the tournament. While Suryakumar Yadav scored 12*Kishan hammered 22 runs following his fifty to power his side to a win with 5.4 overs to spare.
Earlier MI who elected to bowl after Kieron Pollard won the toss made two changes to their team as Jayant Yadav and Nathan Coulter-Nile replaced Hardik Pandya and James Pattinson. Meanwhile for DC Prithvi Shaw and Harshal Patel returned to the team while Pravin Dubey made his debut.
MI struck in the first over as Trent Boult dismissed Shikhar Dhawan for zero after Suryakumar Yadav took a good low catch. The left-arm pacer picked his second wicket in his second over as Quinton de Kock held on to a skyer as DC lost Prithvi Shaw.
MI kept things extremely tight and limited DC to 22/2 at the end of the powerplay.
While Shreyas Iyer and Rishabh Pant added 35 runs together DC then lost three wickets in the space of 13 runs. First Iyer got out in the 11th over as de Kock completed a sharp stumping off Rahul Chahar’s bowling.
A over later Jasprit Bumrah bowled a two-wicket over dismissing Marcus Stoinis and Rishabh Pant. The speedster picked his third wicket of the match as he trapped Harshal Patel before the wickets as MI left DC reeling at 73/6 after 14 overs.
MI continued to chip away as Coulter-Nile got his first wicket of the match after he dismissed Shimron Hetmyer.MI eventually limited DC 110/9 in 20 overs.
Brief Scores Mumbai Indians 111/1 Ishan Kishan 72* Quinton de Kock 26 Anrich Nortje 1/25 beat Delhi Capitals 110/9 Shreyas Iyer 25 Rishabh Pant 21 Jasprit Bumrah 3/17 Trent Boult 3/21 by nine wickets

Date 30 Oct 2020

Dream11 IPL 2020 Match 50 KXIP vs RR – Match Report


Rajasthan Royals RR did a remarkable job in the run-chase as they beat Kings XI Punjab KXIP by seven wickets in Match 50 of the Dream11 Indian Premier League IPL 2020 at the Sheikh Zayed Stadium in Abu Dhabi on Friday.
Needing 186 runs to win RR were off to a flying start as Ben Stokes cut loose to bring up the fastest fifty for any team in the season. The left-hander meanwhile zoomed past fifty in 24 balls hitting 6 fours and 3 sixes.
But KXIP managed to get a much-needed breakthrough in the final over of the powerplay after Stokes got out off Chris Jordan’s bowling.
Sanju Samson replaced Stokes in the middle. While KXIP conceded 13 in the next two overs Samson creamed a four and two sixes across the 9th and 10th over to take RR past 100.
While RR lost Uthappa in the 11th over they continued to score at a brisk pace as Samson continued his merry ways with the bat. Over the next three overs Samson hit two fours and a six while Smith hit two fours as RR zoomed past 140 after 14 overs.
Sanju was on the brink of his fourth fifty of the season as the 15th over but could not reach the landmark following a brilliant direct hit from J Suchith.
RR needed 40 runs off the last five overs to seal a win and they scored 29 of those in the next two overs. First Buttler creamed a six on the final ball 16th over to help his side score 10 from that over and then he and Smith hit four overs in the next over to take RR past 170.
The duo of Smith and Buttler closed out the match in the 18th over as RR completed a fine run-chase for the second time in a row and kept their playoff hopes alive.
Earlier KXIP remained unchanged while RR who elected to bowl brought in Varun Aaron in place of Ankit Rajpoot.
Jofra Archer struck in the first over with a ripping short ball after Ben Stokes took a stunning diving catch to dismiss Mandeep Singh.
Chris Gayle got a life in the fourth over after Riyan Parag could not hold on to a catch in the deep off Varun Aaron’s bowling. The left-hander immediately made RR pay for the same as he hammered a six and two fours in the fifth over bowled by Kartik Tyagi.
Rahul joined the party as he creamed a six and a four in the final over of the powerplay as he and Gayle completed a fifty-run stand to take KXIP to 53/1 in the powerplay.
Gayle tonked his third six of the match in the next over and added a four to his account in the eighth over.
Rahul Tewatia was introduced into the attack in the ninth over and he made a good start conceding just two runs in his first over. Rahul then hit a six in the next over as KXIP moved to 81/1 after the halfway stage of their innings.
Gayle then brought up his second successive fifty and third of the season in the 11th over. A couple of overs later KXIP moved past hundred as Gayle and Rahul completed a century stand.
RR then broke the Gayle-Rahul partnership after Ben Stokes dismissed the KXIP skipper for 46 in the 15th over.
Nicholas Pooran announced his arrival in some style as the left-hander hammered three sixes in the first nine balls he faced. But he got out in the 18th over after Tewatia took a fine catch near the square-leg boundary rope.
Gayle then completed 1000 sixes in the T20 format and was in with a chance to notch up his seventh IPL hundred but an Archer delivery ricocheted onto the stumps from his pads and he got out for 99 before KXIP posted 185/4 on the board.
Brief Scores Rajasthan Royals 186/3 Ben Stokes 50 Sanju Samson 48 Murugan Ashwin 1/43 beat Kings XI Punjab 185/4 Chris Gayle 99 KL Rahul 46 Jofra Archer 2/26 by seven wickets

Date 29 Oct 2020

Dream11 IPL 2020 Match 49 CSK vs KKR – Match Report


Ruturaj Gaikwad scored a fine 72 while Ravindra Jadeja hammered 31* off 11 balls as Chennai Super Kings CSK beat Kolkata Knight Riders KKR by six wickets in a last-ball thriller in Match 49 of the Dream11 Indian Premier League IPL 2020 at the Dubai International Cricket Stadium on Thursday.
Needing 173 runs to win CSK made a solid start as Ruturaj Gaikwad who played some delectable strokes and Shane Watson scored 44 runs in the powerplay.
The duo completed a fifty-run stand in the eighth over. But the partnership was broken soon after as Watson was holed out in the deep off Varun Chakravarthy’s bowling.
CSK started to up the ante in the 10th over as KKR introduced Nitish Rana in the attack. Ambati Rayudu creamed three fours in the over to push CSK past 70. In the next over Gaikwad hit a four and a six off Lockie Ferguson.
The 12th over saw Gaikwad bringing up his second successive half-century CSK crossing their hundred and Gaikwad-Rayudu completing a fifty-run stand.
KKR though started to pull back the things as Pat Cummins and Varun Chakravarthy scalped a wicket each in the 14th and 15th over dismissing Rayudu and MS Dhoni respectively. KKR would have also got the wicket of Sam Curran in the 15th over had Chakravarthy completed a caught and bowled chance.
In the next two overs CSK scored 18 runs and brought down the target to 33 off the last three overs with seven wickets in hand.
Cummins then picked his second wicket of the match after Gaikwad got out for 72 after the right-arm disturbed the timber.
CSK needed something dramatic as they needed 30 runs from 12 balls to seal a win and Ravindra Jadeja turned it on and did so in some style.
The left-hander hit two fours and a six in the 19th over as CSK scored 20 off the penultimate over bowled by Lockie Ferguson. With 10 needed in the last over CSK could score 3 from the first four balls. But with 7 needed from the last two deliveries Jadeja tonked two sixes as CSK sealed a stunning win.
Earlier CSK made three changes to their team as Shane Watson Karn Sharma and Lungi Ngidi replaced Faf du Plessis Imran Tahir and Monu Kumar Singh. KKR made one change as Rinku Singh was brought into the playing XI in place of Prasidh Krishna.
Nitish Rana and Shubman Gill made a watchful start before Rana hit two fours and a six in the final over of the powerplay as KKR scored 15 runs in the over to move to 48/0. In the next over the two completed a fifty-run stand for the opening wicket.
Karn Sharma brought into the attack in the eighth over broke the partnership after he broke through Gill’s defence. Mitchell Santer then had Sunil Narine caught in the deep as CSK picked two wickets in quick succession.
Spin continued to do the trick for CSK as Ravindra Jadeja provided CSK their third wicket after Rinku Singh got out in the 13th over.
Rana brought up his third fifty of the season in the next over before KKR moved past hundred in the 15th over. Rana then took on Karn Sharma tonking the leg-spinner for three sixes as KKR started to change gears.
The left-hander added two more fours to his account in Chahar’s third and innings 17th over. However Lungi Ngidi got Rana out after he had scored 87 off 61 balls.
Dinesh Karthik replaced Rana in the middle and got going straightway hitting two fours from the first four balls he faced. He and Morgan then hit a four each in the penultimate over as KKR eventually posted 172/5 on the board.
Brief Scores Chennai Super Kings 178/4 Ruturaj Gaikwad 72 Ambati Rayudu 38 Varun Chakravarthy 2/20 beat Kolkata Knight Riders 172/5 Nitish Rana 87 Shubman Gill 26 Lungi Ngidi 2/34 by six wickets

Date 28 Oct 2020

Dream11 IPL 2020 Match 48 MI vs RCB – Match Report


Mumbai Indians MI registered their eighth win of the Dream11 Indian Premier League IPL 2020 after they beat Royal Challengers Bangalore RCB by five wickets in Match 48 at the Sheikh Zayed Stadium in Abu Dhabi on Wednesday.
Needing 165 runs to win MI made a quick start as Ishan Kishan and Quinton de Kock scored 35 runs from the first five overs. However MI lost their first wicket as de Kock was holed out in the deep off Mohammed Siraj’s bowling in the final over of the powerplay.
Yuzvendra Chahal introduced into the attack in the eighth over struck in his first over as he got Ishan Kishan out for 25.
MI lost their third wicket in the 11th over after Devdutt Padikkal took a stunning diving catch to get Saurabh Tiwary out. Meanwhile Suryakumar Yadav after playing some delectable shots moved to 28 off 20 balls.
The right-hander creamed four fours and a six in the next three overs as MI moved past hundred in the 14th over. While Krunal got out in the same over Hardik who replaced his brother in the middle cranked a six on the fourth ball he faced as MI reached 117/4 at the end of the 15th over.
MI needed 48 from the last five overs and Surya scored 13 of those runs in the 16th over as he creamed three fours off Siraj and brought up his third fifty of the season in 29 deliveries. He added a four and six to his account over the course of the next two overs as MI reached 149/4 after 18 overs.
While Morris got Hardik out in the 19th over Kieron Pollard hit a four on the final ball of the penultimate over to bring down the target to three runs in the final over.
Surya then closed out the game for MI as he creamed his 10th four of the match and sealed a five-wicket win for his side.
Earlier MI who remained unchanged elected to bowl after Kieron Pollard won the toss. RCB meanwhile made three changes as Shivam Dube Josh Phillipe and Dale Styen replaced Navdeep Saini Aaron Finch and Moeen Ali in the playing XI.
RCB openers – Devdutt Padikkal and Phillipe – were a little watchful in the first two overs before the two hit four fours in the next two overs. The right-hander added a six to his tally before inside-edging Boult for four in the fifth over.
The pair completed a fifty-run stand as RCB moved to 54/0 at the end of the powerplay.
While the duo hit Rahul Chahar for three fours in the eighth over the leg-spinner dismissed Phillipe in the same over as Quinton de Kock completed a sharp stumping to give MI their first wicket.
Padikkal then completed his fourth IPL fifty in the 11th over. But MI struck back as Jasprit Bumrah brought back into the attack in the 12th over got the big wicket of Virat Kohli and became the third youngest to take 100 IPL wickets.
AB de Villiers scooped James Pattinson for a six and followed it up with a four in the 14th over. Devdutt Padikkal then took on Chahar hitting two fours and a six as RCB moved to 129/2 after 15 overs.
MI though started to turn the tide as Kieron Pollard got ABD out in the 16th over and Bumrah followed it up with a two-wicket maiden dismissing Shivam Dube and a well-set for Padikkal for 74.
In the 18th over Trent Boult dismissed Chris Morris as MI picked four wickets for 7 runs. Gurkeerat Singh Mann and Washington Sundar then added 26 runs together as RCB eventually posted 164/6 on the board.
Brief Scores Mumbai Indians 166/5 Suryakumar Yadav 79* Ishan Kishan 25 Mohammed Siraj 2/28 beat Royal Challengers Bangalore 164/6 Devdutt Padikkal 74 Josh Phillipe 33 Jasprit Bumrah 3/14 by five wickets

Date 27 Oct 2020

Dream11 IPL 2020 Match 47 SRH vs DC – Match Report


Wriddhiman Saha and David Warner set the stage on fire while Rashid Khan starred with the ball as Sunrisers Hyderabad SRH beat Delhi Capitals DC by 88 runs in Match 47 of the Dream11 Indian Premier League IPL 2020 in Dubai on Tuesday.
Needing 220 runs to win DC lost two wickets in the first two overs as Sandeep Sharma and Shahbaz Nadeem dismissed Shikhar Dhawan and Marcus Stoinis.
While Ajinkya Rahane and Shimron Hetmyer took DC past fifty at the end of the sixth over the two got out in the next over as Rashid struck twice in his first over.
Although Shreyas Iyer and Rishabh Pant added 23 runs together Vijay Shankar before he had to leave the field due to injury got the wicket of DC skipper in the 12th over.
In the next over Rashid dismissed Axar Patel and completed the best bowling display of this IPL season returning with the figures of 3/7 from his four overs.
While Rishabh scored 36 off 35 balls Sandeep Sharma had him caught behind the wickets in the 17th over.
SRH eventually bowled out DC for 131 and sealed an 88-run win on their skipper Warner’s birthday.
Earlier SRH made three changes to their playing XI as Kane Williamson Wriddhiman Saha and Shahbaz Nadeem replaced Jonny Bairstow Priyam Garg and Khaleel Ahmed. Meanwhile DC who elected to bowl remained unchanged.
SRH made a brisk start as Saha played his shots to take his side to 33/0 after the first three overs. The David Warner-Saha pair completed a fifty-run stand in 28 balls. Warner then went after Kagiso Rabada hitting the right-arm pacer for four fours and a six as he moved past fifty in 25 balls and SRH posted 77/0 at the end of the powerplay.
The Warner-Saha juggernaut continued as the two completed a century stand in 52 balls.
DC managed to break the opening stand in the 10th over after R Ashwin got Warner out after the SRH skipper hammered 66 off 34 balls.
While Warner was dismissed there was no respite for DC as Saha continued his merry ways and brought up his half-century in 27 balls. The SRH wicketkeeper-batsman then took on Axar Patel in the 12th over hitting him for a six and a four as SRH moved to 142/1.
Saha’s merry ways continued as he cranked a six off Rabada in the 13th over as SRH completed 150 before the Saha-Manish Pandey pair brought up their fifty-run stand.
Anrich Nortje ended the Saha-Pandey partnership after Saha got out after his belligerent 87 off 45 balls a knock in which he hit 12 fours and 2 sixes.
Manish Pandey who scored 44* and Kane Williamson then added 49 runs in 33 balls as SRH who registered the fastest 200 of the season posted 219/2 on the board.
Brief Scores Sunrisers Hyderabad 219/2 Wriddhiman Saha 87 David Warner 66 R Ashwin 1/35 beat Delhi Capitals 131 all out Rishabh Pant 36 Ajinkya Rahane 26 Rashid Khan 3/7 by 88 runs

Date 26 Oct 2020

Dream11 IPL 2020 Match 46 KKR vs KXIP – Match Report


Kings XI Punjab KXIP registered their fifth win on the bounce after they beat Kolkata Knight Riders KKR by eight wickets in Match 46 of the Dream11 Indian Premier League IPL 2020 in Sharjah on Monday.
Needing 150 runs to win KXIP openers – KL Rahul and Mandeep Singh – made a watchful start scoring 36 runs in the powerplay.
KXIP lost their skipper on the final ball of the eighth over after Varun Chakravarthy trapped Rahul before the stumps to give KKR their first breakthrough.
Chris Gayle walked out to bat following Rahul’s dismissal and hammered two sixes in the first five balls he faced as KXIP moved to 67/1 after the end of the ten overs.
The big-hitting West Indian tonked his third six of the match in the next over as he completed 1000 IPL runs for KXIP joining Mandeep who achieved the same feat earlier in the match.
Gayle continued his merry ways while Mandeep gave him good company as the pair completed their 50-run stand and the team’s hundred in the 14th over.
A couple of overs later Mandeep brought up a very special half-century and paid a tribute to his father who passed away a few days ago.
In the 17th over Gayle hammered a four and followed it up with a six and completed his 30th IPL fifty reaching the landmark in just 25 deliveries. Mandeep then creamed a four and a six off Pat Cummins in the 18th over.
While Gayle got out in the penultimate over with KXIP needing three runs Mandeep and Nicholas Pooran sealed KXIP’s win which helped them to move to the fourth spot in the points table.
Earlier unchanged KXIP elected to bowl against KKR who retained the playing XI which powered them to win against Delhi Capitals.
KXIP made early inroads as Glenn Maxwell and Mohammad Shami scalped three wickets in the first two overs. While Maxwell had Nitish Rana caught at short fine-leg Rahul Tripathi and Dinesh Karthik edged one to the wicketkeeper and KXIP skipper KL Rahul.
But Shubman Gill and KKR skipper Eoin Morgan counterattacked. The two joined forces when KKR were 10/3 after two overs and hammered 44 runs in the next overs to take KKR past 50 at the end of powerplay.
The pair hit five fours during the period of the third and fifth over before targeting Shami in the sixth over creaming two sixes and as many fours.
While the powerplay was over the KKR duo continued to attack and scored 26 runs in the next two overs to take KKR to 80/3.
But KXIP pulled back the things as Ravi Bishnoi broke the Morgan-Gill’s 81-run partnership dismissing the KKR captain in the 10th over after he mistimed his sweep and was holed out in the deep. In the 11th over KKR lost Sunil Narine after he chopped a Chris Jordan slower delivery onto the stumps.
Meanwhile Gill completed a well-compiled half-century in the 14th over. KKR though lost two wickets in the next two overs as M Ashwin and Bishnoi respectively got Kamlesh Nagarkoti and Pat Cummins out.
Gill and Lockie Ferguson hit four fours in the next two overs before the former got out in the penultimate over after a well-compiled 57.
KKR eventually posted 149/9 on the board while for KXIP Shami picked three wickets.
Brief Scores Kings XI Punjab 150/2 Mandeep Singh 66* Chris Gayle 51 Lockie Ferguson 1/32 beat Kolkata Knight Riders 149/9 Shubman Gill 57 Eoin Morgan 40 Mohammad Shami 3/35 by eight wickets

Date 25 Oct 2020

Dream11 IPL 2020 Match 45 RR vs MI - Match Report


Ben Stokes scored a magnificent ton while Sanju Samson scored an attractive half-century as Rajasthan Royals RR beat Mumbai Indians MI by eight wickets in Match 45 of the Dream11 Indian Premier League IPL 2020 in Abu Dhabi on Sunday.
After MI posted 195 on the board on the back of Hardik Pandya’s 21-ball 60*-run blitz which included 7 sixes and 2 fours RR needed something special to pull off a win and Stokes and Samson did just that.
While MI defending 195 picked two quick wickets in the powerplay as James Pattinson dismissed Robin Uthappa and Steve Smith.
Samson and Stokes joined forces in the fifth over of the RR chase. The two made sure their side always remained in the hunt as the pair took RR to 99/2 at the halfway stage of their innings. Stokes meanwhile brought up his first fifty-plus score of this season in the same over.
While MI bowled a couple of tight overs Stokes and Samson scored 50 runs from three overs. The pair scored 19 from the 13th over bowled by Pattinson with Samson hitting a six and a four and Stokes hitting a four to move past 60.
Samson and Stokes continued their merry ways and targeted Rahul Chahar in the next over. While both the batsmen tonked a six each Samson also creamed a four as RR moved to 144/2 after 14 overs.
The right-hander brought up his third half-century in the 15th over hitting Jasprit Bumrah for two successive fours.
The 16th over saw RR score 15 runs off Boult to move past 170. In the next over Stokes got a four off a top edge as he moved closer to a ton. While MI conceded just 4 runs in the 18th over Stokes closed out the game hitting a six and a four on the first balls of the penultimate over and in that process completed a stunning hundred.
While RR retained the same team MI who elected to bat made one change to their playing XI as James Pattinson replaced Nathan Coulter-Nile.
Although it seemed Quinton de Kock had taken off from he had left in the last game as he pulled Jofra Archer for a six the left-hander got out on the next delivery after dragging one back onto the stumps in the first over.
But Ishan Kishan who had scored a quickfire 68* off 37 balls in the last game against Chennai Super Kings and Suryakumar Yadav counterattacked and completed a fifty-run stand to take MI to 59/1 at the end of the powerplay.
While Kishan was hit on the pad and the physio had to be called in he did not let that affect his run-scoring.
At the halfway stage MI were 89/1 with Kishan and Surya batting on 37 and 38 respectively.
RR then pulled back the things as Kartik Tyagi and Shreyas Gopal joined forces to scalp three wickets in the space of next three overs.
In the 11th over Tyagi picked Kishan’s wicket after Archer took a one-handed screamer at third man. Shreyas Gopal struck twice in the 13th over. First he had Surya caught at long-off for 40 and then four balls later did Pollard in with a wrong’un.
Having lost three wickets for 15 runs MI were looking for a solid partnership and Saurabh Tiwary and Hardik Pandya delivered.
The two added 62 runs together in 31 balls a partnership which included an over where Pandya hammered four sixes off Ankit Rajpoot in the 18th over.
While the partnership was broken on the first ball of the 19th over Pandya went on to score a stroke-filled fifty his first of the season after slamming three sixes and 2 fours in the final over to take MI to 195/5.
Brief Scores Rajasthan Royals 196/2 Ben Stokes 107* Sanju Samson 54* James Pattinson 2/40 beat Mumbai Indians 195/5 Hardik Pandya 60* Suryakumar Yadav 40 Shreyas Gopal 2/30 by eight wickets

Date 25 Oct 2020

Dream11 IPL 2020 Match 44 RCB vs CSK - Match Report


Ruturaj Gaikwad scored an unbeaten fifty while Sam Curran picked three wickets as Chennai Super Kings CSK beat Royal Challengers Bangalore RCB by eight wickets in Match 44 of the Dream11 Indian Premier League IPL 2020 at the Dubai International Cricket Stadium on Sunday.
Needing to score 147 to win the match CSK were quick off the blocks as Faf du Plessis and Ruturaj Gaikwad scored at a brisk pace. Faf hit a six and a four off Chris Morris in the second over. Gaikwad then creamed a six over long-off in the next over bowled by Washington Sundar.
Mohammed Siraj was introduced in the attack in the fourth over and the CSK openers went after the pacer teaming up to hit two fours and a six.
The two took CSK to 46/0 at the end of five overs. But the partnership was broken in the final over of the powerplay after Faf was caught by Siraj off Morris’ bowling.
Gaikwad was joined by Ambati Rayudu in the middle and the two made sure that CSK continued to keep the scorecard ticking. Rayudu hit two fours and a six in the 9th and 10th overs while Gaikwad creamed one more six as CSK moved past 80.
A couple of overs later the duo completed a 50-run stand and pushed CSK past hundred.
While Gaikwad went on to notch up his maiden IPL fifty in the IPL the partnership was broken in the 14th over after Yuzvendra Chahal got Rayudu out for.
MS Dhoni hit two fours in the first seven balls he faced before Gaikwad closed out the game in style hitting a six as CSK sealed an eight-wicket win with 8 balls to spare.
Earlier RCB who elected to bat brought in Moeen Ali in place of Isuru Udana while CSK made two changes as Mitchell Santer and Monu Kumar Singh who made his IPL debut replaced Josh Hazlewood and Shardul Thakur in the playing XI.
Aaron Finch made a cracking start as the right-hander hit two fours off Deepak Chahar in the first over and followed it up with one more in the second over bowled by Monu Kumar Singh. Devdutt Padikkal cranked a six in the third over as RCB moved to 26/0.
Sam Curran who was introduced into the attack in the fourth over then gave CSK their first breakthrough as he dismissed Finch. While RCB reached 46/1 in the powerplay they lost their second wicket in the next over after Faf du Plessis and Ruturaj Gaikwad pulled off an excellent relay catch near long-on.
AB de Villiers and Virat Kohli – the two pillars of RCB’s batting unit – joined forces.
The two like they have done so many times in the past continued to keep the scoreboard ticking hitting occasional boundaries and brought up the fifty-run stand in the 14th over.
The 68-ball 82-run stand though was broken when AB de Villiers who scored 39 off 36 balls was holed out at long on by Faf du Plessis off Deepak Chahar’s bowling.
While Virat Kohli who had earlier hit his 200th IPL six brought up his third half-century of the season he and Moeen Ali got out in the 19th over as Curran bowled a two-wicket over.Chahar picked his second wicket of the match as CSK restricted RCB to 146/5.
Brief Scores Chennai Super Kings 150/2 Ruturaj Gaikwad 65* Ambati Rayudu 39 Yuzvendra Chahal 1/21 beat Royal Challengers Bangalore 146/5 Virat Kohli 50 AB de Villiers 39 Sam Curran 3/19 by eight wickets

Date 24 Oct 2020

Dream11 IPL 2020 Match 43 KXIP vs SRH – Match Report


Kings XI Punjab KXIP held their nerve in a low-scoring encounter and beat Sunrisers Hyderabad SRH by 12 runs in Match 43 of the Dream11 Indian Premier League IPL 2020 at the Dubai International Cricket Stadium on Saturday.
Needing 127 runs to win SRH were quick off the blocks as David Warner got going straightway. The SRH skipper cranked two sixes in the first two overs bowled by Mohammad Shami and Arshdeep Singh.
In the next two overs Jonny Bairstow hit two fours before he and Warner teamed up to hit four fours in the fifth and sixth over to take SRH past fifty at the end of the powerplay.
However KXIP struck twice in quick succession through the leg-spinners as SRH lost both their openers. While Ravi Bishnoi had Warner caught behind the stumps by KL Rahul Murugan Ashwin dismissed Bairstow.
For the ninth over KXIP brought Shami back into the attack to bowl his final over and he struck as Abdul Samad was caught at mid-off by a leaping Chris Jordan.
While Manish Pandey and Vijay Shankar who had powered SRH to win in their last game against Rajasthan Royals added 33 runs the partnership was broken after J Suchith on the field as a substitute for Shami ran towards his right and took a stunning catch near the ropes to get Manish out in the 17th over.
Vijay Shankar got hit on the helmet in the 18th over by a Nicholas Pooran throw who was trying to run-out the SRH all-rounder. While Shankar seemed fine to bat he got out on the next delivery as Arshdeep Singh got his first wicket.
SRH were 110/5 after the 18th over and needed 17 runs in the last two overs to cross the finish line.
After conceding 2 on the first 2 balls of the penultimate over Jordan got two wickets on two successive deliveries. While Holder was caught by Mandeep in the covers Rashid got out after Pooran took a catch in the deep.
SRH needed 14 runs in the final over but Arshdeep conceded not more than 2 runs to pick two wickets before Bishnoi ran-out Khaleel Ahmed on the penultimate delivery as KXIP completed their fourth win on the bounce to move to 10 points in the standings.
Earlier SRH who brought in Khaleel Ahmed in place of Shahbaz Nadeem elected to bowl against KXIP who made two changes to their playing XI bringing in Mandeep Singh and Chris Jordan.
Mandeep who was opening the batting in the absence of injured Mayank Agarwal and KL Rahul took KXIP to 37 in the first five overs before Sandeep Sharma got Mandeep out for 17 to claim his 100th IPL wicket.
Chris Gayle creamed two fours and a six in the first eight balls he faced. But from thereon SRH did a remarkable job to keep the things tight and it got them two big wickets on two successive deliveries.
While Jason Holder had Gayle caught at the long-off in the 10th over Rashid Khan’s wrong’un did KL Rahul in on the first ball of the 11th over. Sandeep Sharma then picked his second wicket as he dismissed Glenn Maxwell in the 14th over before Rashid had Deepak Hooda stumped in the next over.
KXIP with five wickets down moved past hundred in the 17th over but lost another wicket as Holder’s slower delivery got the better of Chris Jordan.
Nicholas Pooran who scored an unbeaten 32 though dragged his side to 126/7.
Brief Scores Kings XI Punjab 126/7 Nicholas Pooran 32 KL Rahul 27 Rashid Khan 2/14 beat Sunrisers Hyderabad 114 all out David Warner 35 Vijay Shankar 26 Chris Jordan 3/17 by 12 runs

Date 24 Oct 2020

Dream11 IPL 2020 Match 42 KKR vs DC - Match Report


Nitish Rana Sunil Narine and Varun Chakravarthy starred as Kolkata Knight Riders KKR beat Delhi Capitals DC by 59 runs in Match 42 of the Dream11 Indian Premier League IPL 2020 at the Sheikh Zayed Stadium in Abu Dhabi on Saturday.
Defending 195 KKR came out all guns blazing as Pat Cummins trapped Ajinkya Rahane before the wickets on the first ball. The right-arm pacer picked his second wicket as he hit the woodwork to dismiss Shikhar Dhawan for 6 in the third over.
Shreyas Iyer and Rishabh Pant kept the scorecard ticking to take DC past fifty in the eighth over. The pair completed the 50-run partnership in the 10th over as DC moved to 64/2 at the halfway stage of the chase.
While Iyer hit a couple of crisp fours in the 11th over DC lost Pant in the next over after he decided to take on Varun Chakravarthy and was holed out in the deep. The mystery spinner picked two wickets in his next over as he dismissed Shimron Hetmyer and Shreyas Iyer both caught at long-on.
Shimron Hetmyer who replaced Pant in the middle tonked the fourth ball he faced for a six. But he got out soon after going for another big shot as Chakravarthy picked his second wicket.
The mystery spinner continued to make merry and became the first bowler to pick a five-wicket haul in IPL 2020 after he got Marcus Stoinis and Axar Patel in the 16th over.
KKR eventually limited DC to and sealed a 59-run win to register their sixth win of the season.
Earlier KKR and DC both made two changes each. While Kamlesh Nagarkoti and Sunil Narine were brought in the KKR playing XI to replace Kuldeep Yadav and Tom Banton DC picked Ajinkya Rahane and Anrich Nortje in place of Prithvi Shaw and Daniel Sams.
While Shubman Gill creamed two fours in the first over bowled by Tushar Deshpande he got out in the second over as Nortje gave DC their first breakthrough. The right-arm pace struck for the second time in the powerplay as he disturbed the timber to dismiss Rahul Tripathi.
In the eighth over KKR lost their third wicket after Kagiso Rabada had Dinesh Karthik caught behind the wickets.
Sunil Narine was the next man to walk out to bat and he counterattacked. He took KKR past fifty hitting a six and a four off R Ashwin in the ninth over. In the next over Narine hit two fours off Deshpande while Rana tonked a six as KKR moved past 70 at the end of the 10th over.
The pair brought up a fifty-run partnership in the 12th over scoring 17 runs in Ashwin’s second over and their aggressive approach meant that KKR crossed the 100-run mark scoring close to 60 runs in four overs.
Rana then brought up his second half-century of the season hitting a four on the final ball of the 13th over. Stoinis conceded two fours and a six in the next over as KKR continued to score at a rapid pace.
Narine notched up a 24-ball fifty in the 15th over before he and Rana completed a hundred-run partnership in just 47 balls.
The duo’s brilliant 56-ball 115-run stand was broken in the 17th over as Rabada got Narine out after the left-hander scored 64 off 32 balls.
Eoin Morgan who replaced Narine in the middle and Rana though made sure that KKR continued their juggernaut as the two added 37 runs from 19 balls.
While the two got out on the last two balls of the innings KKR who at one stage were 44/3 after 8 overs scored 150 runs in the last 12 overs to post 194/5 on the board on the back of Rana’s 53-ball 81 and Narine’s 64.
Brief Scores Kolkata Knight Riders 194/5 Nitish Rana 81 Sunil Narine 64 Anrich Nortje 2/27 beat Delhi Capitals Shreyas Iyer 47 Rishabh Pant 27 Varun Chakravarthy 5/20 by 59 runs

Date 23 Oct 2020

Dream11 IPL 2020 Match 41 CSK vs MI – Match Report


Trent Boult starred with the ball while Ishan Kishan slammed an unbeaten 68 as Mumbai Indians MI beat Chennai Super Kings CSK by ten wickets in Match 41 of the Dream11 Indian Premier League IPL 2020 at the Sharjah Cricket Stadium on Friday.
Chasing 115 MI were off to a flying start as Ishan Kishan and Quinton de Kock scored 52 in the powerplay. The pair hit four fours in the first two overs before Ishan Kishan took on Josh Hazlewood and Deepak Chahar hitting four fours and a six across two overs to take MI close to fifty.
CSK introduced Shardul Thakur into the attack in the seventh over and de Kock went after him creaming a four and a six.
In the ninth over Kishan clubbed two sixes off Ravindra Jadeja to bring up his second fifty of the season and followed it up with one more six in the next over as MI moved to 98 after the end of 10 overs.
The Kishan-de Kock pair completed the 100-run partnership in the next over and a couple of overs later went on to seal MI’s convincing 10-wicket win. While Kishan remained unbeaten on 68 from 37 balls de Kock scored 46 not out.
Earlier MI who elected to bowl after Kieron Pollard won the toss had to make a forced change as Saurabh Tiwary replaced injured Rohit Sharma in the middle. Meanwhile CSK made three changes to their playing XI as N Jagadeesan Ruturaj Gaikwad and Imran Tahir replaced Kedar Jadhav Shane Watson and Piyush Chawla.
MI made a cracking start as Trent Boult and Jasprit Bumrah picked four wickets in the first three overs. Boult set the ball rolling for MI as he trapped Gaikwad before the wickets.
Bumrah then dismissed Ambati Rayudu and N Jagadeesan on successive deliveries in the second over. While the former edged one to Quinton de Kock the latter was caught by Suryakumar Yadav in the first slip.
Boult picked his second wicket after Faf du Plessis nicked one to de Kock as CSK were reduced to 4/3 after 2.5 overs. The change of ends did not change Boult’s fortunes as he scalped Ravindra Jadeja’s wicket as MI picked five wickets in the powerplay.
CSK lost their sixth wicket as Rahul Chahar had MS Dhoni caught behind the wickets. The leg-spinner in his next over scalped his second wicket after Deepak Chahar was stumped.
Sam Curran and Shardul Thakur then added 28 runs together to push CSK past 70. However Nathan Coulter-Nile broke the partnership after Thakur was caught as he went for a big shot.
Curran though continued to put up a fight as he with Imran Tahir for company dragged CSK past hundred. In the last over of the innings Curran hit three fours and brought up a well-deserved half-century before getting out on the final ball as Boult disturbed the timber to pick his fourth wicket of the match. CSK eventually posted 114/9 on the board.
Brief Scores Mumbai Indians 116/0 Ishan Kishan 68* Quinton de Kock 46* beat Chennai Super Kings 114/9 Sam Curran 52 MS Dhoni 16 Trent Boult 4/18 by 10 wickets

Date 22 Oct 2020

Dream11 IPL 2020 Match 40 RR vs SRH – Match Report


Sunrisers Hyderabad SRH returned to winning ways after they beat Rajasthan Royals RR by eight wickets in Match 40 of the Dream11 Indian Premier League IPL 2020 at the Dubai International Cricket Stadium on Thursday.
Defending 154 RR were off to a fine start after Ben Stokes took a flying catch in the second slip to get David Warner out in the first over off Jofra Archer.
The right-arm pacer struck for the second time in the powerplay as he disturbed the timber to dismiss Jonny Bairstow in the third over.
Manish Pandey though came out all guns blazing. He creamed two fours in the fourth over bowled by Kartik Tyagi and followed it up with two sixes off Ben Stokes’ bowling in the fifth over.
Pandey went after Tyagi once again hitting the young pacer for four and two sixes as SRH scored 18 in the final over of the powerplay to move closer to 60. He and Vijay Shankar completed a fifty-run partnership in the eighth over.
In the next over Pandey cranked one more six and then brought up his fifty in 28 balls.
In the 11th over Pandey and Vijay Shankar combined to hit three fours. A couple of overs later the pair took SRH past hundred before completing the 100-run stand in the 15th over.
Vijay Shankar then took Archer in the 16th over hitting three successive fours. In the next over Manish creamed two sixes in the next two overs as SRH moved past 150 in the 18th over.
Vijay Shankar then closed out the game and in that process brought up his fifty helping SRH seal an eight-wicket win with 11 balls to spare. While Vijay Shankar remained not out on 52 Manish hammered 83* off 47 balls with the help of 4 fours and 8 sixes. The two put up an unbroken 140-run stand off 93 balls.
Earlier RR retained the same playing XI while SRH made two changes to their line-up bringing in Shahbaz Nadeem and Jason Holder in place of Basil Thampi and injured Kane Williamson.
Robin Uthappa hit a delectable four on the final ball of the second over bowled by Holder and then clipped one for a six before hammering a four in the next over off Sandeep Sharma.
While Ben Stokes survived a run-out scare in the same over Uthappa did not in the next after Holder caught him short of his crease.
Sanju Samson who joined Stokes in the middle creamed two fours in the fifth over before RR moved to 47/1 after the end of the powerplay.
Stokes continued to ride his luck after Vijay Shankar could not hold on to a catch in the eighth over. In the next three overs RR scored 20 runs.
While the duo of Stokes and Samson completed a 50-run stand in the 12th over RR lost both in quick succession. First Samson got out for 36 after Holder picked his first wicket of the match.
In the next over Rashid Khan got Stokes out after the ball ricocheted off his pads and hit the stumps. While Steve Smith and Jos Buttler took RR past hundred in the 15th over Vijay Shankar got Buttler out for 9 after the batsman was caught at backward point by Shahbaz Nadeem.
RR were 118/4 after 17 overs and needed some quick runs. Riyan Parag took on T Natarajan in the 18th over hitting him for two fours and a six. However SRH struck by through Holder as he dismissed both – Smith and Riyan Parag – in the penultimate over. While Smith was caught at long-on by Manish Pandey Riyan Parag was dismissed after David Warner completed a fine catch running backwards from mid-off.
Jofra Archer played a cameo of 16* off 7 balls as RR eventually posted 154/6 on the board.
Brief Scores Sunrisers Hyderabad 156/2 Manish Pandey 83* Vijay Shankar 52 Jofra Archer 2/21 beat Rajasthan Royals 154/6 Sanju Samson 36 Ben Stokes 30 Jason Holder 3/33 by eight wickets

Date 21 Oct 2020

Dream11 IPL 2020 Match 39 KKR vs RCB – Match Report


Mohammed Siraj starred with the ball as Royal Challengers Bangalore beat Kolkata Knight Riders by eight wickets in Match 39 of the Dream11 Indian Premier League IPL 2020 in Abu Dhabi on Wednesday.
Required 85 runs to win RCB made a watchful start scoring 15 runs in the first three overs before Devdutt Padikkal and Aaron Finch hit a four each in the fourth over as RCB scored 13 runs in the over.
The two scored 16 runs over the course of the next two overs as RCB moved to 44/0 at the end of the powerplay.
However RCB lost both their openers in the seventh over. First Lockie Ferguson bowling his first over dismissed Finch after the right-hander edged one to the wicketkeeper. Then a mix-up between Gurkeerat Singh Mann and Padikkal saw the latter get run-out for 25.
Virat Kohli and Gurkeerat though made sure that RCB did not lose any wicket as the duo added 39 runs together to help RCB complete an eight-wicket win.
Earlier KKR brought in Tom Banton and Prasidh Krishna in place of Andre Russell while RCB made one change to their playing XI picking Mohammed Siraj in place of Shahbaz Ahmed.
Siraj immediately justified his selection as he struck twice in his first over of the match. First he had Rahul Tripathi caught behind the wickets and then dismissed Nitish Rana disturbing the timber.
In the next over Navdeep Saini picked his first wicket as KKR lost Shubman Gill.
Siraj’s wicket-taking merry-making continued as he picked his third wicket of the match after Tom Banton edged one to AB de Villiers in his second over and became the first bowler in the IPL history to bowl two maidens in a match.
RCB introduced spin in the ninth over and Yuzvendra Chahal trapped Dinesh Karthik before the wickets in the same over to give his side its fifth wicket. The leg-spinner scalped his second wicket of the match in the 13th over after Pat Cummins was holed out in the deep.
Washington Sundar joined the wicket-taking party as he got Eoin Morgan out for 30 in the 16th over. Lockie Ferguson and Kuldeep Yadav added 27 runs together as KKR eventually posted 84/8 on the board.
Brief Scores Royal Challengers Bangalore 85/2 Devdutt Padikkal 25 Gurkeerat Singh Mann 21 Lockie Ferguson 1/17 beat Kolkata Knight Riders 84/8 Eoin Morgan 30 Lockie Ferguson 19* Mohammed Siraj 3/8 by eight wickets

Date 20 Oct 2020

Dream11 IPL 2020 Match 38 KXIP vs DC – Match Report


Kings XI Punjab KXIP registered their third win on the bounce after they beat Delhi Capitals DC by five wickets in Match 38 of the Dream11 Indian Premier League IPL 2020 in Dubai on Tuesday.
Needing 165 runs to win KXIP lost their first wicket in the third over as KL Rahul got out for 15 in the third over off Axar Patel’s bowling.
While DC kept the things tight as KXIP could score not more than 24 in the first four overs Chris Gayle opened his shoulders and hammered three fours and two sixes in the fifth over bowled by Tushar Deshpande to take KXIP to fifty.
DC introduced R Ashwin in the attack in the final over of the powerplay and the move worked immediately as he got Gayle out for 29. DC struck for the second time in the over as Mayank Agarwal was run-out following a mix-up with Nicholas Pooran.
KXIP could have lost another wicket through a run-out in Ashwin’s next over as Pooran and Glenn Maxwell were involved in a mix-up but Maxwell survived. Pooran then creamed a six and followed it with two fours – first off an inside edge and then via a powerful pull – in the ninth over.
KXIP moved past 100 in the 10th over as Pooran continuing his big-hitting ways targeted Marcus Stoinis hitting a four and a six.
The Pooran-Maxwell duo completed the fifty-run partnership in the 11th over. A couple of overs later Pooran brought up his half-century but got out in the same over after edging one to Rishabh Pant off Kagiso Rabada’s bowling.
With 18 needed off 26 balls KXIP lost Maxwell after Pant held on to a fine running catch as Rabada picked his second wicket of the match.
While Deepak Hooda got a reprieve in the penultimate over Jimmy Neesham hit a six in the same over and made sure KXIP seal a win with an over to spare.
Earlier DC made three changes to their playing XI as Rishabh Pant and Shimron Hetmyer returned to the team while Daniel Sams made his IPL debut. Meanwhile KXIP brought in Jimmy Neesham in the team.
Shikhar Dhawan took off from where he had left in the last game and hit a four and a six in the first over to set the ball rolling for DC. KXIP though scalped their first wicket after Jimmy Neesham got Prithvi Shaw out for 7 in the fourth over.
However DC continued to score at a brisk pace courtesy. The left-hander hit a six in the fourth over and followed it up with three fours in the next before taking DC past fifty in the final over of the powerplay.
In the ninth over Dhawan moved past his fourth successive fifty-plus score in the tournament. However DC lost Shreyas Iyer in the same over after KL Rahul took a fine catch down the leg-side off Murugan Ashwin.
At the halfway stage DC were 83/2 with Dhawan batting on 56 and Rishabh Pant on 4. Three overs later DC moved past 100 as Dhawan became the fifth player in the history of the tournament to complete 5000 runs.
Glenn Maxwell helped KXIP pick their third wicket after he had Pant caught at long-on in the 14th over.
Meanwhile Dhawan continued his merry ways with the bat as the left-hander moved into the 90s in the 17th over. DC lost Marcus Stoinis in the next over off Mohammad Shami’s bowling.
In the next over Dhawan created history as he became the first batsman to score two successive IPL hundreds. The left-hander who had scored a ton in DC’s last game against Chennai Super Kings brought up his hundred in 57 balls.
DC eventually posted 164/5 on the board with Dhawan scoring an unbeaten 106 off 61 balls hitting 12 fours and 3 sixes.
Brief Scores Kings XI Punjab 167/5 Nicholas Pooran 53 Glenn Maxwell 32 Kagiso Rabada 2/27 beat Delhi Capitals 164/5 Shikhar Dhawan 106* Shreyas Iyer 14 Mohammad Shami 2/28 by 5 wickets

Date 19 Oct 2020

Dream11 IPL 2020 Match 37 CSK vs RR – Match Report


Rajasthan Royals RR returned to winning ways after they beat Chennai Super Kings CSK by seven wickets in Match 37 of the Dream11 Indian Premier League IPL 2020 in Abu Dhabi on Monday.
Needing 126 runs to win RR made a brisk start as Ben Stokes went for his shots. But CSK fought back and picked three wickets in the powerplay.
First Stokes got out after he dragged a Deepak Chahar delivery onto the stumps. Robin Uthappa was the next man to get out as Josh Hazlewood picked his first wicket of the match.
MS Dhoni then dived towards his left and took a one-handed stunner in the fifth over to dismiss Sanju Samson.
Steve Smith then survived an LBW call as the on-field decision was not overturned after the ultra-edge indicated that there was a faint edge. CSK though did not allow Smith any easy runs.
Jos Buttler though kept the things moving for RR crossed the fifty-run mark in the ninth over. Buttler then went after Shardul Thakur in the 12th over hitting the CSK bowler for a four and a six to complete the fifty-run stand with Smith.
In the 15th over Buttler targeted Piyush Chawla to take RR past hundred and to bring up his 11th IPL fifty. The right-hander creamed three fours as RR scored 16 in the over.
Buttler creamed one more six in the 17th over before RR closed out the game in the 18th over to seal a seven-wicket win. While Buttler remained unbeaten on 70 off 48 balls and Smith scored 26 the pair put up an unbroken 98-run partnership.
Earlier CSK lost two wickets in the powerplay after electing to bat. Jofra Archer made the ball talk and struck in the third over of the match after Jos Buttler stationed at short cover took a fine leaping catch to get Faf du Plessis out for 10.
While Shane Watson and Sam Curran hit three fours off Kartik Tyagi in the fourth over the young speedster had the final laugh as he dismissed the former Australian all-rounder in the same over.
CSK moved past fifty at the end of the 8th over but lost two wickets in quick succession soon after RR introduced spin in the attack. While Shreyas Gopal had Curran caught at long-off Ambati Rayudu after surviving an LBW call mistimed his sweep and gave an easy catch to wicketkeeper Sanju Samson.
MS Dhoni and Ravindra Jadeja then kept the scoreboard ticking as CSK moved to 89/4 at the end of the 15th over.
Two overs later CSK moved past hundred before the Dhoni-Jadeja pair completed a fifty-run stand. But Dhoni was run-out soon after.CSK eventually posted 125/5 on the board with Jadeja scoring an unbeaten 35.
Brief Scores Rajasthan Royals Jos Buttler 70* Steve Smith 26* Deepak Chahar 2/18 beat Chennai Super Kings 125/5 Ravindra Jadeja 35* MS Dhoni 28 Shreyas Gopal 1/14 by seven wickets

Date 18 Oct 2020

Dream11 IPL 2020 Match 36 MI vs KXIP - Match Report


Breathe We just witnessed arguably the greatest T20 ever A T20 in which the winner was eventually decided after 44 overs of breathtaking cricket.
There was no shortage of drama and action as Mumbai Indians MI and Kings XI Punjab KXIP played out two Super Overs before the latter emerged victorious in Match 36 of the Dream11 Indian Premier League IPL 2020 at the Dubai International Cricket Stadium on Sunday.
After the scores were tied at 176 in the 20 overs/side contest the game headed into the first Super Over.
KXIP batted first with KL Rahul Nicholas Pooran and Deepak Hooda sharing the batting responsibilities. Jasprit Bumrah who had earlier returned the figures of 3/24 was handed the ball by MI.
Rahul started the proceedings with a single before Pooran got out on the second ball. The next three balls saw MI concede 4 runs. On the last ball of the over Bumrah delivered a perfect yorker and trapped Rahul LBW and helped MI restrict KXIP to 5/2.
Needing 6 runs to win MI went ahead with Rohit Sharma and Quinton de Kock while KXIP picked Mohammad Shami to defend five runs.
Shami replicated what his Indian teammate had done earlier and kept things tight giving just three from first four balls. With two needed on the final ball to seal a win de Kock was caught short of his crease while completing the second run and the match headed to the second Super Over.
The rules meant that neither Rahul Pooran Hooda Shami Bumrah and de Kock could bat and bowl again.
MI batted first in the Second Over and opened the innings with Kieron Pollard and Hardik Pandya with Suryakumar Yadav waiting in the wings as the third batsman. Chris Jordan bowled the second Super Over for KXIP.
While the England pacer hit the right length on the first ball bowling a yorker he had to re-bowl his second ball after conceding a wide. The third legitimate delivery of the over went for a four after Pollard creamed one through the covers. Jordan bowled another wide before Pandya was run-out on the fourth ball.
The fifth ball was a dot before Mayank Agarwal put in a stunning effort to save a six. He leapt got hold of the ball and kept his cool to push it back in the field of play before landing behind the boundary rope to save four runs helping KXIP to limit MI to 11/1.
Defending 11 MI turned to Trent Boult while Chris Gayle and Mayank walked out to bat with the left-hander on strike. The Universe Boss hammered a six over the long-on the first ball and then ran a single. With 5 needed from 4 Mayank went aerial over the off-side to hit a four and then closed out the game.
Earlier after electing to bat MI scored 176/6 on the back of de Kock’s 53. The left-hander continued his good run of form to bring up his third successive half-century and did a fine rebuilding job with Krunal Pandya after MI lost three wickets in the powerplay with not more than 43 runs on the board.
While the two put up a 58-run stand they got out in the space of 20 runs. However Pollard and Nathan Coulter-Nile hammered 54 runs in the last three overs with Pollard scoring an unbeaten 34 off 12 balls and Coulter-Nile chipping in with 24 not out of 12.
Needing 177 runs to win Mayank survived a few close calls before Rahul cut loose in the third over hitting three fours and a six off Trent Boult. While Rahul continued his merry ways to take KXIP past fifty in the powerplay KXIP lost Mayank and Gayle before the halfway stage of the chase.
Rahul and Pooran then added 33 runs together. But MI struck twice in quick succession to dismiss Pooran and Glenn Maxwell. Although Rahul brought up yet another half-century of the season Bumrah in the 18th over dished out a perfect yorker to get Rahul out for 77.
Hooda and Jordan though made sure that KXIP stayed in the hunt before the latter got out on the final ball with scores levelled.
Brief Scores Mumbai Indians 176/6 Quinton de Kock 53 Kieron Pollard 34* Mohammad Shami 2/30 tied Kings XI Punjab 176/6 KL Rahul 77 Nicholas Pooran 24 Jasprit Bumrah 3/24
Super Over 1Kings XI Punjab 5/2 tied Mumbai Indians 5/1
Super Over 2Kings XI Punjab 15/0 beat Mumbai Indians 11/1

Date 18 Oct 2020

Dream11 IPL 2020 Match 35 SRH vs KKR - Match Report


Kolkata Knight Riders KKR returned to winning ways after beating Sunrisers Hyderabad SRH in a Super Over in Match 35 of the Dream11 Indian Premier League IPL 2020 at the Sheikh Zayed Stadium in Abu Dhabi on Sunday.
After both the teams were tied on the score of 163 the game headed for a Super Over. KKR bowled first in the Super Over and Lockie Ferguson who had earlier picked three wickets did a remarkable job to limit SRH to 2. The right-arm pacer picked David Warner’s wicket on the first ball and then disturbed the timber to dismiss Abdul Samad on the third delivery.
Rashid Khan was handed the responsibility to bowl in the Super Over for SRH. Rashid started with a dot ball before conceding a run on the second ball. While there was no run on the third delivery KKR closed out the game with two leg-byes on the fourth ball.
SRH needed 18 runs in the final over to win the match and Andre Russell started the proceedings with a no ball. Warner hit three successive fours on the 2nd 3rd and 4th deliveries and brought down the required target to 4 off 2 balls.
On the fifth ball Warner scampered for a double tapping one towards the long-on. However Russell did not let SRH score two off the last ball and conceded just one to push the game into the Super Over.
Earlier required to score 164 runs to win SRH made a change to their opening duo as Kane Williamson came out to bat with Jonny Bairstow. The move worked well for SRH as the Williamson-Bairstow pair scored 57 in the powerplay.
The SRH opening pair hit four fours in the space of first three overs before adding three more in the fourth over. While Bairstow played his powerplay shots Williamson used his much-celebrated deft touches to keep the scorecard ticking.
The duo completed a fifty-run stand in the sixth over which also saw Williamson’s well-timed six and four.
However KKR broke the partnership as soon as Lockie Ferguson was introduced into the attack. The New Zealand speedster struck on his first delivery as Williamson after playing an uppercut was caught at third man.
In his next over the right-arm pacer picked his second wicket as he dismissed Priyam Garg. KKR continued to chip away as Varun Chakravarthym in the ninth over picked a big wicket of Bairstow.
While Ferguson had a change of ends it did not stop his wicket-taking ways as he scalped his third wicket getting Manish Pandey out with a perfect yorker.
Meanwhile Warner who came out to bat at number four became the fourth player to bring up 5000 IPL runs.
The SRH skipper and Vijay Shankar took their side past 100 but Pat Cummins picked his first wicket as Vijay Shankar got out in the 16th over after mistiming his pull.
A lot was riding on skipper Warner and he and Abdul Samad added 37 runs together before Samad got out courtesy a fine relay catch involving Ferguson and Gill on the last ball of the 19th over.
SRH and KKR made two changes each to their playing XI. While Basil Thampi and Abdul Samad replaced Khaleel Ahmed and Shahbaz Nadeem in SRH’s playing XI KKR brought Lockie Ferguson and Kuldeep Yadav into the mix replacing Chris Green and Prasidh Krishna.
SRH had a chance to strike early and dismiss Shubman Gill in the second over. But Rashid Khan dropped the catch and Gill then batting on 1 got a life.
While SRH did not concede more than 15 in the first three overs KKR openers shifted gears. Rahul Tripathi hit a six and a four off T Natarajan in the fourth over before Gill hit three successive fours in the fifth over bowled by Basil Thampi.
However SRH managed to break the opening partnership on the final ball of the powerplay as T Natarajan disturbed the timber to get Tripathi out.
While Nitish Rana who replaced Tripathi in the middle and Gill added 39 runs together with Rana doing the majority of the scoring the two got out in the space of a run courtesy two excellent catches from Priyam Garg.
The former India U19 captain took a fine diving catch at long off to get Gill out in the 12th over and in the next over he completed a stunning catch running in from the deep to dismiss Rana for 39.
KKR brought up their hundred in the 15th over but lost Andre Russell in the same over after the all-rounder was holed out at deep mid-wicket as T Natarajan picked his second wicket.
With five overs to go KKR were 105/4 and needed a big flourish to end their innings on a high and their former and current skippers did just that scoring 58 runs.
While SRH gave away 6 runs in the 16th over Dinesh Karthik and Eoin Morgan hit a four each in the next over. With Karthik creaming a six over deep square KKR scored 12 off the 18th over.
Karthik continued to score at a brisk pace as he added a four and a six to his tally and took KKR close to 150 at the end of the 19th over. The last over saw Morgan tonked a six and hit a four as KKR scored 16 to post 163 runs on the board.
While Karthik remained unbeaten on 29 Morgan who got out on the last ball of the innings scored 34.
Brief Scores Kolkata Knight Riders 163/5 Shubman Gill 36 Eoin Morgan 34 T Natarajan 2/40 tied Sunrisers Hyderabad 163/6 David Warner 47* Kane Williamson 36 Lockie Ferguson 3/15
Super Over
Kolkata Knight Riders 3/0 beat Sunrisers Hyderabad 2/2

Date 17 Oct 2020

Dream11 IPL 2020 Match 34 DC vs CSK - Match Report


Shikhar Dhawan scored his maiden ton and Axar Patel hammered three sixes in the final over as Delhi Capitals DC beat Chennai Super Kings CSK by five wickets in Match 34 of the Dream11 Indian Premier League IPL 2020 in Sharjah on Saturday.
Needing 180 runs to win DC lost Prithvi Shaw’s wicket in the first over after Deepak Chahar completed a caught and bowled dismissal. The right-arm pacer scalped one more wicket in the powerplay after Sam Curran held on to a sharp catch at backward point to get Ajinkya Rahane out.
Dhawan was joined by Shreyas Iyer in the fifth over and the pair scored 12 in the final over of the powerplay with Iyer hitting a six and Dhawan hit a four to take DC to 42/2.
The left-hander got a reprieve in the next over after he was dropped by Chahar at mid-wicket. Dhawan then hit two fours – one streaky managing to beat the diving Shane Watson and another of a strong sweep – to take DC past fifty.
Dhawan targeted Karn Sharma in the 9th over creaming two fours and moved past his third successive fifty-plus score in the IPL 2020 before getting a second reprieve in the space of a couple of overs.
The Dhawan show continued as he hit two mores in the 11th over to move to 61 off 34 balls as DC reached 88/2.
In the following over CSK managed to break the 68-run partnership between Dhawan and Iyer when Dwayne Bravo dismissed the DC skipper for 21.
DC crossed the 100-run mark in the 13th over after Marcus Stoinis hit a six and a four off Karn Sharma. Meanwhile Dhawan moved closer to 80 hitting two fours in the next two overs.
CSK had another chance to see the back of Dhawan in the 16th over but Ambati Rayudu failed to pouch the ball off Shardul Thakur’ bowling. CSK though managed to get their fourth wicket in the same over as Rayudu held on to a chance to get Stoinis out.
With DC needing 41 off 24 balls Dhawan went after Curran creaming the left-arm pacer for a six and a four and moved into the 90s. DC scored 9 off the 18th over as Dhawan sailed past his previous best IPL score of 97.
Dhawan brought up his maiden ton in the penultimate over but Curran bowled an excellent conceding just 4 runs and scalping a wicket of Alex Carey.
DC needed 17 from the final over to close out the game and CSK went for Jadeja to bowl that over. Jadeja started the proceedings with a wide and conceded a run on the first legal delivery of the over.
With 15 needed from five balls Axar had no other option but to go big and he did. He slog-swept the second ball of the over for a six and then followed it up with another maximum over long-off. Axar then ran two on the fourth ball of the over and with just 1 needed from the last two balls hammered another six to take DC home.
Earlier after electing to bat CSK lost their first wicket early after Sam Curran got out for zero in the first over bowled Tushar Deshpande. The left-hander edged one towards the third-man where Anrich Nortje completed a fine catch.
With Kagiso Rabada bowling a maiden DC kept things tight conceding just two runs from the first two overs.
Shane Watson who had joined Faf du Plessis in the middle after Curran’s fall hit two fours in the third over. du Plessis joined the party in the fifth over as he took on Anrich Nortje hitting the speedster for two fours and a six.
The sixth over of the game saw a collision course between du Plessis and Rabada after the two bumped into each other. Fortunately du Plessis was up and ready to bat and CSK moved to 39 after the end of the powerplay.
The du Plessis-Watson duo completed the fifty-run stand in the ninth over and hit three fours in the next as CSK moved past 70 at the halfway stage of the game. du Plessis added 13 more runs to his tally in the next over as he hit a six and a four off Deshpande to move closer to his half-century.
While du Plessis brought up his fifty in the 12th over CSK also lost Watson in the same over for 36 after Nortje disturbed the timber to give DC their second wicket. du Plessis got a life in the next over after Dhawan could not hold on to a catch in the deep. However a couple of overs later Dhawan made up for that drop as he took a diving catch running in from long-on as Rabada picked up his 50th IPL wicket and ended du Plessis’ stay in the middle.
While Ambati Rayudu scored at a brisk pace and moved to 34 off 18 balls DC picked their fourth wicket as Nortje dismissed MS Dhoni.
CSK were 134/4 after the end of the 17th over and needed some big hits to end the innings on a high. Ravindra Jadeja did just that. The left-hander hit as many as four sixes in the last three overs while Rayudu hit one more as CSK scored 45 runs in the last three overs.
While Jadeja remained unbeaten on 33 off 13 balls Rayudu scored 45 not out from 25 deliveries to take CSK to 179/4.
Brief Scores Delhi Capitals 185/5 Shikhar Dhawan 101* Marcus Stoinis 24 Deepak Chahar 2/18 beat Chennai Super Kings 179/4 Faf du Plessis 58 Ambati Rayudu 45* Anrich Nortje 2/44 by five wickets

Date 17 Oct 2020

Dream11 IPL 2020 Match 33 RR vs RCB - Match Report


AB de Villiers played yet another stunner as Royal Challengers Bangalore RCB beat Rajasthan Royals RR by seven wickets in Match 33 of the Dream11 Indian Premier League IPL 2020.
Needing 178 runs to win RCB made a watchful start before Aaron Finch took on Jofra Archer in the third over hitting the right-arm speedster for two sixes.
However Finch got out in the next over as Shreyas Gopal gave RR their first breakthrough after Robin Uthappa completed the catch.
Virat Kohli joined Devdutt Padikkal in the middle and the two hit three fours between them over the next two overs to take RCB to 47/1 at the end of the powerplay.
The Padikkal-Kohli duo completed the fifty-run stand after Kohli tonked a six off Shreyas Gopal in the tenth over. RCB added 25 runs in the next three overs to move past hundred.
However RCB lost Padikkal and Kohli on successive deliveries. While Padikkal was holed out at long-on Kohli got out for 43 after Rahul Tewatia took a fine catch at the deep mid-wicket boundary rope.
RCB were 104/3 after 14 overs and needed 75 runs in the last six overs to cross the finish line. The next four overs saw RCB score 39 runs with AB de Villiers hitting two sixes and a four to move to 28 off 16 balls.
RCB had to score 35 runs off the last two overs and ABD turned it on and did it in some style. Mr 360 hammered three sixes on the first three balls – first over covers second over long-on and third over deep backward square. Gurkeerat Singh Mann also hit a four as RCB scored 25 in the over to bring down the target to 10 from 6 deliveries.
RCB scored those 10 runs in 4 deliveries as ABD closed out the game with six and in that process completed his match-winning fifty.
Earlier after electing to bat RR opened the innings with Robin Uthappa and Ben Stokes.
While the two scored only five runs from the first two overs Uthappa and RR shifted gears in the third over as the right-hander hit four fours off Washington Sundar.
Uthappa creamed a drive through the off side to start the proceedings and followed it up with three fours through the leg-side.
Uthappa continued to attack as he hit a six and a four while Stokes hit his first four of the match as RR scored 17 of the fourth over to move to 38/0.
While RR brought up their fifty in the final over of the powerplay they also lost Stokes in the same over after he gloved one to AB de Villiers off Chris Morris’ bowling.
Meanwhile Uthappa who had earlier completed 4500 IPL runs added two more fours to his account in the seventh over.
RCB struck twice in the eighth over via Yuzvendra Chahal. First he had Uthappa caught at the deep mid-wicket after the right hander scored 41 off 22 balls and then got the wicket of Sanju Samson who was caught at long-off by Morris.
Jos Buttler and Steve Smith then joined forces and had a rebuilding job at their hands. Buttler was quick to get off the blocks as he moved to 17 off 13 with a four and a six. Meanwhile Smith too kept the scoreboard ticking as he and Buttler completed the fifty-run stand in the 15th over with Smith hitting two fours in the over.
While Smith hit a six and a four in the following over RR lost Buttler in the same over after Morris picked his second wicket. RR scored 19 off the 18th over bowled by Chahal and Smith brought up his fifty from 30 deliveries. Tewatia then creamed a six and a four in the penultimate over.
Morris then added two more wickets to his account in the final over and RR posted 177/6 on the board.
Brief Scores Royal Challengers Bangalore 179/3 AB de Villiers 55* Virat Kohli 43 Rahul Tewatia 1/30 beat Rajasthan Royals 177/6 Steve Smith 57 Robin Uthappa 41 Chris Morris 4/26 by seven wickets

Date 16 Oct 2020

Dream11 IPL 2020 Match 32 MI vs KKR – Match Report


Mumbai Indians MI moved to the top of the points table after they beat Kolkata Knight Riders KKR by eight wickets in Match 32 of the Dream11 Indian Premier League IPL 2020 at the Sheikh Zayed Stadium in Abu Dhabi on Friday.
Needing 149 runs to win MI made their intentions clear on the first ball of the chase as Rohit Sharma hit a four off debutant Chris Green. Cummins conceded nine from the second over before Rohit and de Kock hammered three fours in the next over to help MI move to 30/0.
de Kock added two more fours to his tally as he took on Cummins in the fourth over. While he had a life in the next over after Varun Chakravarthy could not hold on to a tough chance running backwards from the short fine-leg de Kock managed to hit two fours. The de Kock-Rohit pair completed the fifty-run stand in the final over of the powerplay.
The left-hander’s merry ways continued as he hammered 16th off Prasidh Krishna’s second over hitting two fours and a six. The left-hander brought up his third fifty from the four matches in the next over hitting a four and a six off Russell.
MI moved to 90 after Roht hit Chakravarthy for a six in the 10th over. However the MI skipper got out in the next over after edging one to Karthik off Shivam Mavi. Three overs later MI lost Suryakumar Yadav after the MI batsman dragged one back onto the stumps off Chakravarthy’s bowling.
Meanwhile de Kock cranked a four and a six in the 15th over before Hardik Pandya hit two fours and a six off in the 16th over. MI closed out the game in the next over and sealed a win with 19 balls to spare and eight wickets in hand.
Earlier KKR under new skipper Eoin Morgan won the toss and elected to bat. While KKR made two changes to their playing XI bringing in Chris Green and Shivam in place of Tom Banton and Kamlesh Nagarkoti MI made one change to their team as Nathan Coulter-Nile replaced James Pattinson.
KKR lost Rahul Tripathi in the third over after Suryakumar Yadav took a stunner at point to help Trent Boult pick his 50th IPL wicket. After KKR opener crunched a short ball Surya did not have much time but did a remarkable job to complete the catch.
MI struck for the second time in the powerplay as Coulter-Nile picked his first wicket for the Rohit Sharma-led unit dismissing Nitish Rana with a short ball.
Rahul Chahar was introduced into the attack in the eighth over and he wasted no time to make an impact. The leg-spinner scalped two wickets in his first over. On the second ball of the over he had Shubman Gill caught at long-on and then on the next delivery had Dinesh Karthik’s wicket after the batsman mistimed his sweep and saw the ball hit the stumps.
While Andre Russell and Morgan took KKR past fifty MI brought Jasprit Bumrah back into the attack in the 11th over and the right-arm pacer did justice to the move as he did Russell in with a sharp bouncer. After the all-rounder could not control his shot de Kock did the rest as KKR were reduced to 61/5.
KKR needed a partnership to stop the slide and skipper Morgan and Pat Cummins delivered.
Cummins took on his compatriot Coulter-Nile in the 13th over hitting two fours and a six to push KKR past 80. While MI conceded 17 over the course of the next three overs Morgan and Cummins hit a four each in the 17th over as KKR brought up their hundred.
Cummins then got a life in the next over after de Kock could not hold on to a catching opportunity off Bumrah’s bowling.
The KKR duo scored 35 runs in the last two overs. Cummins added a four and a six to his account as he took on Boult in the penultimate over. In the 20th over the Australian creamed a four through extra-cover to bring up his maiden IPL half-century. Morgan then tonked two sixes in the over as KKR posted 148/5 on the board with Cummins and Morgan adding 87 off 56 deliveries.
Brief Scores Mumbai Indians 149/2 Quinton de Kock 78* Rohit Sharma 35 Varun Chakravarthy 1/23 beat Kolkata Knight Riders 148/5 Pat Cummins 53* Eoin Morgan 39* Rahul Chahar 2/18 by eight wickets

Date 15 Oct 2020

Dream11 IPL 2020 Match 31 RCB vs KXIP – Match Report


There was a drama in the final over but Kings XI Punjab KXIP returned to winning ways after beating Royal Challengers Bangalore by eight wickets in Match 31 of the Dream11 Indian Premier League IPL 2020 at the Sharjah Cricket Stadium on Thursday.
KXIP had moved to 170/1 after 19 overs and needed just 2 runs to complete their second win. But Chahal bowling the final over held his nerve and did a remarkable job as KXIP could only score a run from the first five balls and also lost Gayle after he was run out on the penultimate delivery. 
With 1 needed from the last ball there was a possibility of yet another Super Over. But Nicholas Pooran slammed a six on the final ball and took KXIP home.
Needing 172 runs to win KXIP openers KL Rahul and Mayank Agarwal made a watchful start as KXIP scored 5 from the first two overs.
Rahul then creamed a six off Chris Morris in the third over as KXIP moved to 18/0. RCB introduced spin into the attack in the fourth over and Mayank opened his shoulders as he scored two fours and a six off Yuzvendra Chahal.
Rahul and Mayank hit two sixes and a four between them in the next two overs and completed yet another fifty-run stand as KXIP moved past fifty at the end of the six overs.
Mayank added one more six and four to his account but got out for 45 in the eighth over after Chahal broke through his defence to give RCB their first breakthrough after the 78-run opening stand.
RCB kept the things extremely tight in the next three overs allowing KXIP only 10 runs.
Rahul though tonked two mighty sixes in the 12th over bowled by Mohammed Siraj as KXIP crossed the 100-run mark. Chris Gayle joined the six-hitting party as he went after Washington Sundar in the next over. 
While RCB bowled two quite overs conceding just seven runs Gayle took on Siraj in the 16th over hitting two sixes and a four and in that process brought up the fifty-run partnership with Rahul.
The big-hitting West Indian continued his merry ways and completed his half-century in the next over slamming two sixes off Washington Sundar.
Earlier KXIP made three changes to their side as Deepak Hooda on debut for KXIP Chris Gayle and Murugan Ashwin were named in the playing XI. Meanwhile RCB remained unchanged.
After RCB elected to bat Aaron Finch hit a six in the first over off Glenn Maxwell and followed it up with an aerial shot over mid-on for four in the second over.
While Devdutt Padikkal creamed a four and a six over the course of the next two overs he was done in by an Arshdeep Singh’s delivery that gripped a little more than Padikkal had expected and he ballooned one to the short cover to get out for 18.
Virat Kohli announced his arrival in style hitting two fours – a Kohli special cover drive and then a flick – off the first three deliveries he faced before adding one more four to his account in the sixth over as RCB moved to 57/1 at the end of the powerplay.
Although Finch got a life on the first ball of the seventh delivery he got out on the next ball after M Ashwin snaked one through the right-hander’s defence to give KXIP their second wicket.
Washington Sundar then joined Kohli in the middle and KXIP managed to keep things tight conceding just 21 off the next 21 deliveries. At the halfway stage RCB were 83/2 with Kohli batting on 25 and Washington Sundar unbeaten on 13.
The pressure KXIP applied worked as M Ashwin picked his second wicket after Washington Sundar tried to break the shackled and was caught in the deep in the 11th over.
KXIP continued their good work with the ball as the spinners did not let RCB up the ante. The next three overs saw RCB score 15 runs and move past hundred.
Dube who was batting on 8 off 12 balls at the end of the 14th over shifted gears and did it in some style. The left-hander tonked two successive sixes off BishnoI to take RCB past 120.
KXIP though picked three wickets in the course of next three overs. In the 16th over Chris Jordan with a short ball had Dube caught.
Mohammad Shami bowling the 18th over of the innings then struck big as RCB lost AB de Villiers and Kohli. First the right-arm pacer dismissed de Villiers after the batsman mistimed his shot and gave an easy catch to Deepak Hooda near extra-cover. Two balls later Kohli got out for 48 after Rahul completed a diving catch.
RCB were 137/6 after the end of 18 overs and needed a big finish and Chris Morris and Isuru Udana did just that as the two added 34 runs in the last two overs.
Morris cranked a six in the penultimate over bowled by Jordan before going after Shami in the final over. Morris hit a four on the first ball before he and Udana creamed three sixes off the last four balls to take RCB to 171/6 at the end of the 20 overs. While Morris remained unbeaten on 25 off 8 balls Udana scored 10* off 5 balls.
Brief Scores Kings XI Punjab177/2 KL Rahul 61* Chris Gayle 53 Yuzvendra Chahal 1/35 beat Royal Challengers Bangalore 171/6 Virat Kohli 48 Chris Morris 25* Murugan Ashwin 2/23 by eight wickets

Date 14 Oct 2020

Dream11 IPL 2020 Match 30 DC vs RR - Match Report


Delhi Capitals DC moved to the top of the points table after they beat Rajasthan Royals by RR 13 runs in Match 31 of the Dream11 Indian Premier League IPL 2020 at the Dubai International Cricket Stadium on Wednesday.
Needing 162 runs to win Ben Stokes hit a four on the first ball but could have been run-out had Ajinkya Rahane pulled off a direct-hit. RR managed to score 21 off the first two overs as Stokes and Buttler hit three and one four each.
The third over saw Buttler taking on Anrich Nortje before getting out in the same over. The RR wicketkeeper-batsman creamed a six off the first ball and then scooped two for four. But Nortje had the last laugh as ended the Buttler cameo breaking through his defence to give DC their first breakthrough.
DC introduced spin in the fourth over and the move paid dividends as R Ashwin held on to a caught and bowled chance to dismiss Steve Smith for 1. RR though managed to score fifty in the powerplay with Stokes scoring 25 of those runs.
Meanwhile Iyer had to leave the field after he dived rather awkwardly while saving a boundary.
Sanju Samson creamed two maximums before Stokes hit two fours over the course of the next three overs to push RR past 80 at the end of the ninth over.
The Samson-Stokes pair was in a touching distance to complete the fifty-run stand but DC managed to strike for the third time in the night as Tushar Deshpande making his IPL debut broke the partnership getting Stokes out in the deep for 41 in the 11th over. Axar then gave DC their fourth wicket after he ended Sanju Samson’s 18-ball 25-run innings.
Robin Uthappa hit a four and a six off Nortje in the 13th over as RR brought up their hundred. But RR lost their fifth wicket in the next over as a mix-up between Uthappa and Riyan Parag saw the latter walk back to the dug-out.
RR were 115/5 after the end of the 14th over and needed 47 from the last six to seal a win.
Rahul Tewatia got a reprieve in the 15th over as Nortje could not hold on to a catch at fine-leg. R Ashwin then bowled a tight 16th over conceding just two runs. RR moved to 133/5 after scoring 8 off the 17th over bowled by Kagiso Rabada with Tewatia playing a ramp.
DC then conceded just 7 runs over the next two overs courtesy Nortje and Rabada.
Nortje picked his second wicket of the match as Uthappa after dancing down the ground could not connect his bat with the ball and got bowled. Rabada bowled the penultimate over and picked the wicket of Archer and gave away just three runs.
RR needed 22 runs in the final over with Tewatia still in the middle and debutant Deshpande bowling the over.
While the right-arm pacer started the over with a wide he conceded not more than nine runs and picked a wicket as DC returned to winning ways beating RR by 13 runs.
Earlier Jofra Archer struck on the first ball of the match as he disturbed the timber to dismiss Prithvi Shaw. The right-arm pacer picked his second wicket in the powerplay after Ajinkya Rahane mistimed his pull to give an easy catch to Robin Uthappa at mid-on.
Shikhar Dhawan who was coming into this game on the back of his unbeaten 69 against Mumbai Indians counterattacked as he and Shreyas Iyer scored 35 runs in the next three overs to take their side to 47/2 at the end of six overs.
The pair completed the fifty-run stand in the eighth over after Dhawan slog-swept one for four. DC at the halfway stage were 79/2.
In the 11th over RR had a chance to run-out Dhawan but Rahul Tewatia missed a direct hit and Dhawan got a life. In the next over the left-hander brought up his second successive fifty.
Dhawan though got out soon after notching up his half-century after he mistimed his reverse-sweep and was caught at the short third-man off Shreyas Gopal’s bowling.
DC moved past hundred in the 13th over and Iyer completed his 1000 runs as IPL. Two overs later Iyer who got a life despite Ben Stokes’ fine effort near the boundary rope brought up his half-century.
While DC were eying a big finish RR managed to pull back the things in the final stage of the innings conceding just 32 runs in the last five overs.
The DC skipper got out for 53 in the 16th over after he mistimed his shot and Archer completed the catch.
While DC moved past 150 in the 19th over Archer went on to pick his third wicket of the match dismissing the big-hitting Marcus Stoinis. Jaydev Unadkat picked up two wickets in the final over as DC posted 161/7 on the board.
Brief Scores Delhi Capitals 161/7 Shikhar Dhawan 57 Shreyas Iyer 53 Jofra Archer 3/19 beat Rajasthan Royals 148/8 Ben Stokes 41 Robin Uthappa 32 Anrich Nortje 2/33 by 13 runs

Date 13 Oct 2020

Dream11 IPL 2020 Match 29 SRH vs CSK – Match Report


Chennai Super Kings CSK returned to winning ways after they beat Sunrisers Hyderabad SRH by 20 runs in Match 29 of the Dream11 Indian Premier League IPL 2020 at the Dubai International Cricket Stadium on Tuesday.
Needing 168 runs to win Jonny Bairstow was quick off the blocks hitting two fours in the second and third over. However CSK struck twice in the fourth over. First Sam Curran had David Warner caught on his bowling and then Dwayne Bravo’s fielding brilliance caught Manish Pandey short of his crease.
Kane Williamson announced his arrival in style punching a ball through the covers for four. He and Bairstow brought up his side’s fifty in the eighth over without taking any undue risks.
But Ravindra Jadeja in the 10th over ended the partnership after he broke through Bairstow’s defence to give CSK their third wicket.
In Jadeja’s next over Williamson creamed two fours – one over the leaping extra cover and another more clinical landing closer to the boundary rope to push SRH to 76/3 after 12 overs. Two overs later Priyam Garg and Williamson hit a four each.
Garg though was holed out in the deep in the 15th over as Karn Sharma scalped his first wicket of the match.
SRH needed 67 runs off the last five overs and had their hopes pinned on Williamson and Vijay Shankar to take them home.
Vijay Shankar and Williamson scored 8 in the 16th over before the former clubbed a six off Bravo on the first ball of the 17th over. But the all-rounder got out in the same over as Jadeja completed the catch at the third man.
Meanwhile Williamson brought up his fifty as SRH moved to 122/5 after the end of the 17th over. But going for a big shot Williamson was dismissed in the next over Karn Sharma picked his second wicket.
Rashid Khan announced his arrival in the middle with a six and then followed it up with a four courtesy a reverse sweep. Shahbaz Nadeem hit the last ball for four as SRH scored 19 from the 18th over.
SRH needed 27 off the last two overs and Shardul Thakur bowling the penultimate over conceded just five runs as CSK also managed to see the back of Rashid following a hit-wicket. Bravo then closed out the game bowling a one-run final over to seal the win for CSK.
Earlier CSK decided to make a change to their batting order as Sam Curran walked out to bat with Faf du Plessis. The former South African skipper did not face a ball till the conclusion of the two overs and then got out on the first ball he faced in the third over after edging one to Jonny Bairstow off Sandeep Sharma’s bowling.
Meanwhile Curran after a little slow start went after Khaleel Ahmed in the fourth over hitting two sixes and as many fours. However in the fifth over Sandeep broke through Curran’s defence and ended the left-hander’s 21-ball 31-run innings.
Ambati Rayudu was quick to get off the blocks hitting two fours from the first five deliveries he faced. Shane Watson then played his pick-up shot over the leg-side to hit a six as CSK moved past fifty in the seventh over.
Rayudu got a life in the next over after Bairstow could not hold on to a catch in Shahbaz Nadeem’s second over. SRH had a chance to dismiss Watson in the 11th over but Rashid Khan could not hold on to an extremely sharp chance.
Rayudu and Waston then hit a six each in the next two overs while Rayudu creamed a four in the 13th over as CSK brought up their hundred. Rashid conceded two sixes in his final over of the day as Rayudu and Watson scored 14 from the 15th over.
However SRH managed to strike in quick succession to dismiss the two. While Khaleel had Rayudu caught at long-off for 41 T Natarajan got Watson out for 42 in the 17th over. Meanwhile MS Dhoni hit two fours to take CSK close to 130.
The CSK skipper then hit a humongous six off T Natarajan to push his side past 150 in the 19th over but got out on the next delivery after scoring 21 off 13 balls. CSK scored 15 off the last over with Jadeja who scored an unbeaten 25 off 10 deliveries hitting a six and a four and posted 167/6 on the board.
Brief Scores Chennai Super Kings 167/6 Shane Watson 42 Ambati Rayudu 41 Sandeep Sharma 2/19 beat Sunrisers Hyderabad 147/8 Kane Williamson 57 Jonny Bairstow 23 Dwayne Bravo 2/25 by 20 runs

Date 12 Oct 2020

Dream11 IPL 2020 Match 28 RCB vs KKR – Match Report


The AB de Villiers show was on full display as Royal Challengers Bangalore RCB beat Kolkata Knight Riders KKR by 82 runs in Match 28 of the Dream11 Indian Premier League IPL in Sharjah on Monday.
After scoring 194/2 RCB had a chance to strike early. But Navdeep Saini could not hold on to a sharp return catch to get Shubman Gill out in his first over. The right-arm pacer though managed to pick his first wicket of the match as he dismissed the IPL debutant Tom Banton in the fourth over as KKR lost their first wicket in the chase. KKR though managed to score 43 runs in the powerplay with Gill scoring 26 of those runs.
RCB though tightened the screws over the course of the next few overs with Yuzvendra Chahal and Washington Sundar and went on to pick four wickets in the space of five overs.
First Washington Sundar dismissed Nitish Rana in the eighth over after the left-hander failed to execute his slog sweep. Shubman Gill was the next man to get out following a misjudged single.
While Yuzvendra Chahal had missed out on a wicket in his second over after Aaron Finch dropped a catch at long on the leg-spinner managed to pick his first wicket after Dinesh Karthik dragged one back onto the stumps in the 11th over.
The next over saw Washington Sundar scalp his second wicket as Eoin Morgan was caught at the short third man.
KKR needed the Andre Russell show to pull off the chase and while the all-rounder showed signs of going big hitting two fours and a six in the 14th over bowled by Isuru Udana he perished in the same over after mistiming his shot.
RCB picked two more wickets in the next two overs as KKR continued to slide. While Chris Morris dismissed Pat Cummins Kamlesh Nagarkoti got out off Chahal’s bowling.
Mohammed Siraj joined the wicket-taking party dismissing Rahul Tripathi after Morris took a stunning diving catch at long on to leave KKR reeling at 99/8.
KKR were eventually restricted to 112/9 as RCB clinched a comprehensive 82-run win.
Earlier the two RCB openers motored along after electing to bat first. Aaron Finch decided to step down a couple of yards against the new ball and he immediately put Pat Cummins under pressure. His opening partner Devdutt Padikkal too made most of the friendly conditions and dispatched the new ball to the boundary.
The RCB openers put up 47 in the Powerplay period and KKR’s search for a breakthrough only ended when Russell castled Padikkal 32 uprooting his middle stump in his second over. RCB lost their first wicket for 67 and KKR then pulled things back conceding 31 runs in the next four overs. At the halfway stage in the innings RCB reached 78/1.
The KKR bowlers took pace off the ball and the plan worked as they were able to dry up the boundaries. Kamlesh Nagarkoti who loves to bowl quick was effective with the slower ball and he was impressive in his duel against Virat.
As the pressure began to mount Finch tried to attack and lost his stumps in a similar fashion as Padikkal and this time it was Prasidh Krishna who picked the wicket. Finch was looking set for a big score but got out four runs short of a half-century.
Varun Chakravarthy who has been quietly going about his job this season had another fine run as he bowled four tight overs for just 25 runs.
Like in the previous game Virat relied on running runs and picked up his first boundary only on the 25th ball and in the 19th over of the match. He could afford to do that as Mr 360 lit up the Sharjah sky.
de Villiers stayed on the backfoot to counter the slow balls and started finding the big hits almost immediately from the time he walked out. He attacked the young Nagarkoti first and then brought up his 50 in just 23 balls with the help of four boundaries and five sixes.
While KKR were ahead till the 15th over allowing only 111 runs to be scored ABD ensured that momentum shifted and it was back in RCB’s corner. In the last five overs RCB collected a staggering 83 runs to push their total close to 200. In his 33-ball unbeaten stay Mr 360 smashed six sixes and five boundaries. The Virat-ABD partnership remained unbroken on 100 from 47 balls.
Brief Scores Royal Challengers Bangalore 194/2 AB de Villiers 73* Aaron Finch 47 Prasidh Krishna 1/42 beat Kolkat Knight Riders 112/9 Shubman Gill 34 Andre Russell 16 Chris Morris 2/17 by 82 runs

Date 11 Oct 2020

Dream11 IPL 2020 Match 27 MI vs DC – Match Report


Mumbai Indians MI continued their winning juggernaut as they beat Delhi Capitals DC by five wickets in 27th Match of the Dream11 Indian Premier League IPL 2020 at the Sheikh Zayed Stadium in Abu Dhabi on Sunday.
DC made two changes to their playing XI as Ajinkya Rahane and Alex Carey replaced injured Rishabh Pant and Shimron Hetmyer. Meanwhile MI retained the same team.
Electing to bat DC lost Prithvi Shaw in the first over as Trent Boult struck. Rahane making his IPL debut for DC joined Shikhar Dhawan in the middle and the two added 30 runs before Krunal Pandya got Rahane out for 15 in the fifth over.
With DC looking for a big partnership skipper Shreyas Iyer and Dhawan joined forces. The pair hit three fours in the final over of the powerplay as DC moved to 46/2. The duo added 34 runs over the course of the next four overs to complete the 50-run stand as DC reached the 80-run mark by the end of the 10th over.
MI managed to keep things tight as the next four overs saw DC score not more than 23 runs and in the attempt to up the ante lost Iyer for 42 in the 15th over after Krunal picked his second wicket of the match.
Marcus Stoinis was the next man to walk in and he and Dhawan who brought up his fifty scored 16 from the 16th over with the help of three fours. However a mix-up between Dhawan and Stoinis helped MI pick their fourth wicket as the Australian all-rounder got out for 13.
MI then conceded 15 runs in the next two overs before DC scored 12 in the final over to post 162/4 on the board.
Defending 162 DC did not give any easy runs to MI in the first three overs before Quinton de Kock took on R Ashwin in the fourth over hitting the off-spinner for a six and a four.
MI lost their skipper Rohit Sharma in the fifth over after he was holed out in the deep off Axar Patel’s bowling.
De Kock continued to attack as he hit Anrich Nortje for two sixes in the 6th over to take MI to 44/1 at the end of the powerplay. The next three overs saw MI score 28 runs and de Kock brought up his second fifty of the three games.
In the 10th over of the chase Suryakumar Yadav got a reprieve as Ashwin could not hold on to a return catch. However DC managed to see the back of de Kock in the same over after the left-hander was caught at the deep backward square-leg by Shaw after scoring 53 off 36 balls.
DC had a chance to run out Ishan Kishan in the next over but DC could not cash in on the chance.
Surya then hit three fours over the course of next two overs as MI crossed the 100-run mark. Kishan followed suit as he hit Stoinis for a six and a four in the 14th over.
The next over saw Surya bringing up his second successive half-century of the season. But his 31-ball 53 blitz came to an end in the same over after Rabada dismissed him.
MI then lost Hardik for 0 in the 16th over after he edged one to the wicketkeeper off Stoinis’ bowling.
With MI needing 18 off 18 deliveries Kishan got a life as well as a six after Shaw parried one across the boundary ropes. However Axar Patel held on to a fine low catch in the same over Rabada took his IPL 2020 wicket tally to 17.
While Nortje did a remarkable job to concede just three runs in the 19th over MI who needed 7 runs off the last over crossed the finish line with two balls to spare and moved to the top of the points table.
Brief Scores Mumbai Indians 166/5 Suryakumar Yadav 53 Quinton de Kock 53 Kagiso Rabada 2/28 beat Delhi Capitals 162/4 Shikhar Dhawan 69* Shreyas Iyer 42 Krunal Pandya 2/26 by five wickets

Date 11 Oct 2020

Dream11 IPL 2020 Match 26 SRH vs RR - Match Report


Rahul Tewatia and Riyan Parag who was brought back into the side came to the party as Rajasthan Royals RR beat Sunrisers Hyderabad SRH and returned to winning ways in the Dream11 Indian Premier League IPL 2020 at the Dubai International Cricket Stadium on Sunday. 
Bowling first RR did not let SRH openers – David Warner and Jonny Bairstow – make a flying start conceding just six runs from the first three overs. While Shreyas Gopal conceded 7 in the fourth over RR dismissed Bairstow in the fifth over.
The right-hander who had hit a six over square leg went for another big hit but caught by a diving Sanju Samson as Kartik Tyagi gave RR their first breakthrough.
Warner and Manish Pandey pushed SRH past fifty in the 10th over and completed the fifty-run partnership for the second wicket in the 11th over.
SRH were looking to up the ante and in that process lost Warner in the 15th over after Archer disturbed the timber to dismiss the SRH skipper for 48.
RR almost had their third wicket in the next over but Pandey managed to survive as Tyagi misjudged the catch. The SRH batsman then hit a six in the same over to move into the 40s and take SRH closer to 110.
Pandey who had earlier in the day completed 3000 IPL runs brought up his half-century in the 17th over. But he departed in the next over as Jaydev Unadkat got the SRH batsman out for 54 with a slower delivery.
SRH though scored 34 off the last two overs with Kane Williamson hitting two sixes and Priyam Garg contributing with a six and a four to take their team to 158/4 at the close of 20 overs.
In the chase RR opted to open the innings with Ben Stokes who was playing his first game of the season after serving the mandatory quarantine and Jos Buttler.
While the England all-rounder hit a four in the first over he chopped one back onto the stumps in the next over as Khaleel Ahmed struck. SRH kept things tight giving away not more than 14 runs in the first three overs.
While Jos Buttler hit a four and a six in the fourth over RR lost Steve Smith in the same over via run-out. Buttler was the next man to get out in the next over as Khaleel picked his second wicket after Bairstow took a good low catch.
Robin Uthappa and Sanju Samson then added 37 runs together to take RR past 60 but the partnership was broken in the 10th over as Rashid Khan trapped Uthappa before the wickets.
Rashid picked his second wicket of the match as he had Sanju Samson caught behind the wickets for 28.
RR were 94/5 at the end of the 15th over and needed some big hits to score 65 runs to secure a win and Riyan Parag and Rahul Tewatia did just that.
While Riyan Parag tonked a six and two fours Tewatia hit a six as RR scored 29 runs in the course of the next two overs.
The 18th over saw Tewatia going after Rashid hitting three fours – two of which were of reverse-sweeps. The left-hander also enjoyed a stroke of luck in the same over as he survived a stumping after the bails did not fall after the ball ricocheted off Bairstow’s feet onto the stumps.
RR needed 24 runs from the last two overs and Rahul Tewatia a four and a six as RR scored 14 off the penultimate over bowled by T Natarajan.
RR required 8 in the final over to win the game and it all came down to 2 from 2. But Riyan Parag closed out the game with a six as RR registered their third win with a ball to spare.
Brief Scores Rajasthan Royals 163/5 Rahul Tewatia 45* Riyan Parag 42* Rashid Khan 2/25 beat Sunrisers Hyderabad 158/4 Manish Pandey 54 David Warner 48 Jofra Archer 1/25 by five wickets

Date 10 Oct 2020

Dream11 IPL 2020 Match 25 CSK vs RCB - Match Report


Virat Kohli led from the front as Royal Challengers Bangalore RCB beat Chennai Super Kings by 37 runs to win the 25th Match of the Dream11 Indian Premier League IPL 2020 on Saturday.
After electing to bat RCB lost Aaron Finch in the third over after Deepak Chahar disturbed the timber. However Kohli and Devdutt Padikkal denied CSK any immediate success putting up a 53-run stand for the second wicket.
CSK then struck twice in the 11th over as Shardul Thakur got Devdutt Padikkal and AB de Villiers out in the space of a run. While the left-hander was caught at mid-off ABD edged one to MS Dhoni.
While Washington Sundar promoted to bat ahead of Shivam Dube added 26 runs with Kohli Sam Curran cut short the partnership dismissing the left-hander in the 15th over.
RCB were 93/4 when Washington Sundar was dismissed and needed their skipper to fire and like he had done so many times in the past Kohli did.
RCB were 103/4 at the end of the 16th over and went on to score 66 runs in the last four.
Kohli brought up his second fifty from the last three matches in the 17th over with RCB closing in on 120.
The next three overs saw RCB score 49 runs with Kohli scoring 37 of those runs. The 18th over saw RCB score 24 runs hitting three sixes off Sam Curran. While Kohli creamed two sixes Shivam Dube cleared the ropes for a maximum.
The RCB skipper added one more six to his tally after taking on Thakur on the first ball of the penultimate over. RCB also crossed 150-run mark in the same over. While Kohli remained unbeaten on 90 off 52 balls RCB posted 169/4 on the board.
Defending 169 RCB kept things tight to begin the proceedings as Chris Morris Navdeep Saini and Isuru Udana conceded only 13 runs in the first three overs and it helped RCB get their first wicket as Faf du Plessis went aerial and was caught in the deep in the fourth over bowled by Washington Sundar.
The young off-spinner struck in the final over of the powerplay as he dismissed Shane Waston as CSK ended the powerplay with 26/2.
While debutant N Jagadeesan and Ambati Rayudu added 54 runs together RCB did not let CSK score at brisk pace building the pressure. The partnership was broken when the former was run-out for 33.
Although Dhoni slammed a six on the third ball he faced RCB managed to pick three wickets in the space of 7 runs.
Yuzvendra Chahal dismissed Dhoni for 10 after Gurkeerat Singh Mann held onto a catch at long-off.
CSK then lost Sam Curran and Ambati Rayudu in the next two overs. While Curran was caught by ABD on Morris’ bowling Udana hit the woodwork to end Rayudu’s 42-run innings.
CSK needed 53 runs in the last two overs and RCB conceded not more than 15 runs to seal a 37-run win to register their fourth win of the season.
Brief Scores Royal Challengers Bangalore 169/4 Virat Kohli 90* Devdutt Padikkal 33 Shardul Thakur 2/40 beat Chennai Super Kings 132/6 Ambati Rayudu 42 N Jagadeesan 33 Chris Morris 3/19 by 37 runs

Date 10 Oct 2020

Dream11 IPL 2020 Match 24 KXIP vs KKR - Match Report


Kolkata Knight Riders KKR held their nerve for the second time in a row and pulled off a thrilling two-run win beating Kings XI Punjab KXIP in Match 24 of Dream11 Indian Premier League IPL 2020 at the Sheikh Zayed Stadium in Abu Dhabi on Saturday.
After electing to bat KKR lost Rahul Tripathi early as Mohammad Shami disturbed the timber in the third over. KXIP picked their second wicket in the next over following a mix-up between Nitish Rana and Shubman Gill.
KKR needed some stability at that stage and Eoin Morgan and Gill did just that even as KXIP managed to keep things extremely tight. The KKR duo added 49 runs together before Morgan was holed out for 24 at long-on off Ravi Bishnoi’s bowling in the 11th over.
With KKR requiring to change gears skipper Dinesh Karthik joined Gill in the middle. Karthik did not for too long as he creamed a six on the final ball of the 14th over to take KKR past 90.
In the next over Gill brought up his second fifty of the IPL season as KKR moved past hundred.
Karthik then started to up the ante as he took on Arshdeep Singh hitting the left-arm medium-pacer for three fours in the 16th over. The DK show continued as he went after Chris Jordan in the next over hitting the England pacer for two fours and a six over long-off as KKR crossed 130-run mark with Karthik moving to 43 off 19 balls.
While KXIP managed to end Gill’s innings in the 18th over DK continued his merry ways bringing up his first fifty of IPL 2020 in 22 balls.
KKR added 18 runs in the last two over to post 164/6 on the board in their quota of 20 overs.
In the chase KL Rahul got an early life as Russell could not hold onto a running catch and injured himself while saving a boundary.
Mayank Agarwal then creamed two fours and a six in the fourth over off Prasidh Krishna. KXIP brought up their fifty in the seventh over.
While there were a few overs where KKR did not concede many Mayank hit two crisp fours in the 11th over KXIP moved closer to hundred.
Two over later KL Rahul who hit two successive fours and Mayank notched up their fifties as KXIP continued their march in the chase.
KKR managed to break the Mayank-Rahul partnership in the 15th over as he dismissed Mayank for 59.
Nicholas Pooran and Rahul then scored 19 off the 16th over with Pooran hitting a four and a six and Rahul adding one more four to his account.
KKR had pulled back a game at the death against CSK and they once started to pull things back against KXIP when Sunil Narine conceding just two runs dismissed Pooran in the 18th over.
With 20 needed from two overs Prasidh Krishna gave away only 6 runs and picked two wickets including that of KL Rahul. 
KXIP needed 14 off the last over and Narine was handed over the responsibility to bowl that over. While KXIP could only score 2 off the first two balls Glenn Maxwell hit a four off the third to bring down the target to 8 from 3 balls. KKR then gave away just a run and scalped a wicket of Mandeep Singh over the next two balls leaving KXIP to score 6 off the last ball to push the game into the Super Over.
While Maxwell went big the ball landed just before the boundary rope for four as KKR won the game by 2 runs to add two points to their account. 
Brief Scores Kolkata Knight Riders 164/6 Dinesh Karthik 58 Shubman Gill 57 Arshdeep Singh 1/25 beat Kings XI Punjab 162/5 KL Rahul 74 Mayank Agarwal 59 Prasidh Krishna 3/29 by two runs

Date 09 Oct 2020

Dream11 IPL 2020 Match 23 DC vs RR – Match Report


Delhi Capitals DC regained the top spot in the points table after they beat Rajasthan Royals RR by 46 runs in Match 23 of the Dream11 Indian Premier League IPL 2020 at the Sharjah Cricket Stadium on Friday.
Electing to bowl RR struck early as DC lost Shikhar Dhawan in the second over as Jofra Archer picked his first wicket.
While Shreyas Iyer and Prithvi Shaw hit three fours and a six over the course of the next over DC lost Shaw after Archer held onto a catch on his own bowling. RR then picked their third wicket in the powerplay as Iyer was run-out following a fine fielding effort from Yashasvi Jaiswal.
Marcus Stoinis meanwhile counterattacked hitting Shreyas Gopal for three sixes across two overs. However DC lost another wicket via run-out as Rishabh Pant got out for 5 in the 10th over.
Stoinis and Shimron Hetmyer then added 30 runs together before the former got out for 39. Hetmyer was then joined by Harshal and the two duo put up a 40-run partnership with Hetmyer doing all the power-hitting.
The left-hander got out in the 17th over but not before he had slammed 45 off 24 balls with the help of a four and five sixes. Axar Patel then played a 8-ball 17-run cameo as DC scored 184/8.
Needing 185 runs to win RR lost Jos Buttler in the third over as Dhawan held on to a fine catch off R Ashwin’s bowling.
Steve Smith who replaced Buttler in the middle was quick off the blocks as he took on Kagiso Rabada in the 4th over hitting a four and a six.
RR brought up their fifty in the 7th over. But they lost skipper – Smith – on the first ball of the ninth over bowled by Anrich Nortje after Hetmyer took a stunning low catch in the deep.
The next five overs saw RR lose five wickets.
DC introduced Stoinis into the attack in the 11th over. While Jaiswal hit him for a six on the first ball Stoinis stuck on his third ball as he dismissed Sanju Samson after Hetmyer held onto a catch at dee mid-wicket.
Ashwin retuned into the attack in the next over and got Mahipal Lomror out before Stoinis picked his second wicket hitting the woodwork to get Jaiswal out. Axar and Rabada then dismissed Andre Tye and Archer respectively.
While Rahul Tewatia hit 3 fours and 2 sixes and scored 38 off 29 balls DC closed out the game bowling out RR for 138 and sealed a 46-run win.
Brief Scores Delhi Capitals 184/8 Shimron Hetmyer 45 Marcus Stoinis 39 Jofra Archer 3/24 beat Rajasthan Royals 138 all out Rahul Tewatia 38 Yashasvi Jaiswal 34 Kagiso Rabada 3/35 by 46 runs

Date 08 Oct 2020

Dream11 IPL 2020 Match 22 SRH vs KXIP - Match Report


Sunrisers Hyderabad SRH registered their third win of the Dream11 Indian Premier League IPL 2020 after they beat Kings XI Punjab KXIP by 69 runs at the Dubai International Cricket Stadium on Thursday.
After electing to bat SRH were off the blocks quickly as David Warner hit two fours in the first over which also included five byes bowled by Sheldon Cottrell.
While Mujeeb-ur-Rahman playing his first game of the season and Mohammad Shami conceded 13 runs in the next overs Jonny Bairstow hit three fours off Cottrell’s second over as SRH moved past 40.
Bairstow then got a life after KL Rahul despite a dive could not hold onto a difficult chance off Shami’s bowling. Warner then hit two fours as the pair completed the fifty-run stand their second of the season.
After a couple of quiet overs Bairstow targeted Ravi Bishnoi in the eighth over hitting the young leg-spinner for two sixes and a four. Warner joined the six-hitting party in the next over.
Bairstow then brought up his fifty in the 10th over before the he and Warner completed the hundred-run stand for the opening wicket.
The merry ways continued as Bairstow hit two sixes and a four off in the 11th over bowled by Glenn Maxwell. Couple of overs later Warner brought up his 50th IPL fifty and his ninth successive fifty-plus score against KXIP.
Bairstow meanwhile moved into the 90s hitting two sixes off Mujeeb to push SRH past 150 at the end of the 14th over.
KXIP needed something special to stop the Warner-Bairstow juggernaut and pull back the things and young Bishnoi did the trick for KXIP dismissing both the SRH openers in the 16th over.
First he had Warner caught in the deep and then trapped Bairstow before the wickets for 97 after KXIP opted for a review.
In the next over Arshdeep Singh had Manish Pandey caught and bowled as KXIP scalped three wickets giving away just a run.
Bishnoi picked up his third wicket of the night after Abdul Samad holed out in the deep in the 18th over as KXIP continued their fightback into the game.
Arshdeep picked his second wicket of the night and SRH lost their fifth wicket in the space of 15 runs as Nicholas Pooran took a neat catch in the deep to get Priyam Garg out.
Abhishek Sharma and Kane Williamson though added 24 off 10 balls as SRH ended their quota of 20 overs scoring 201/6.
In the chase KXIP needed a big opening stand but they lost Mayank Agarwal early via a run-out courtesy an outstanding fielding effort from Warner. First he made a diving save running towards his left at mid-off and then threw it accurately to the bowler to catch Mayank short of his crease.
While Prabhsimran Singh hit a couple of crisp fours he got out for 11 after Garg hold on to a sharp chance to give SRH their second wicket.
Pooran came out all guns blazing hitting 3 sixes and a four to march to 25 balls.
But Abhishek after conceding two sixes in the over picked the big wicket of KL Rahul after the KXIP skipper was caught in the deep by Williamson.
Pooran though continued tonking the balls in the stands for fun as he went after Samad in the 9th over hitting as many as four sixes and a four and in that course brought up the fastest fifty in the IPL 2020 in 17 balls. The 28-run over meant that KXIP moved past 90.
KXIP moved past hundred in the 11th over but lost their fourth wicket in the same over after Garg’s direct hit caught Maxwell short of his ground. SRH continued to chip away as Rashid got amongst wickets getting Mandeep Singh out with a googly in the 13th over.
While Pooran had kept KXIP’s hopes alive he got out after slamming 37-ball 77 in Rashid Khan’s double-wicket maiden.
SRH eventually bowled out KXIP for 132 to seal a 69-run win and add two points to their account.
Brief Scores Sunrisers Hyderabad 201/6 Jonny Bairstow 97 David Warner 52 Ravi Bishnoi 3/29 beat Kings XI Punjab 132 all out Nicholas Pooran Prabhsimran Singh 11 Rashid Khan 3/12 by 69 runs

Date 07 Oct 2020

Dream11 IPL 2020 Match 21 KKR vs CSK – Match Report


Kolkata Knight Riders KKR returned to winning ways as they beat Chennai Super Kings CSK by 10 runs in Match 21 of the Dream11 Indian Premier League IPL 2020 the Sheikh Zayed Stadium in Abu Dhabi on Wednesday.
Rahul Tripathi coming into this game on the back of his 16-ball 36-run knock against Delhi Capitals opened the innings alongside Shubman Gill after KKR elected to bat.
The move top of the order worked for KKR as Tripathi scored 23 off the 36 runs that KKR scored in the first four overs. The Tripathi-Gill partnership was broken in the fifth over as Shardul Thakur dismissed Gill after the right-hander edged one to MS Dhoni.
Tripathi though continued to score freely. He hit Deepak Chahar for a six over the off-side as KKR moved past fifty in the final over of the powerplay.
Karn Sharma who was brought into the side in place of Piyush Chawla gave CSK their second breakthrough in the ninth over as Nitish Rana was holed out in the deep.
Tripathi then brought up his fifty in the 10th over before Sunil Narine who walked out to bat at number 4 hit a six and a four off Dwayne Bravo as KKR scored 19 off from the over to move past 90.
Sharma picked his second wicket of the match courtesy a brilliant relay catch in the deep from Ravindra Jadeja and Faf du Plessis. Jadeja at deep mid-wicket dived parallel to the ground held on to the ball. But as he was closer the boundary rope after the dive had the awareness to throw it towards du Plessis who completed the catch.
KKR were 98/3 from 12 overs when Narine had got out and had the likes of Eoin Morgan Andre Russell and Dinesh Karthik still to bat. But
While Tripathi continued his impressive showing with the bat CSK managed to pull back things dismissing Morgan and Russell in the space of 14 runs. Curran dismissed Morgan for 7 with a short ball before Thakur got Russell out for 2 in the 16th over. 
Bravo then ended Tripathi’s 51-ball 81-run innings after the right-hander was caught the short third-man.
Cummins then hit a four and a six in the 18th over but CSK continued to chip away as Curran had Kathik caught at third man. Bravo picked two wickets in his last over as CSK bowled out KKR for 167.
While bowlers shared the spoils with Bravo picking three wickets and Curran Thakur and Sharma scalping two wickets each Dhoni took 4 catches and was involved in one run-out.
In the chase CSK were off the blocks quickly as du Plessis and Shane Watson took off from where they had left against Kings XI Punjab reaching 30/0 from 3.3 overs.
But Shivam Mavi gave KKR their first breakthrough dismissing du Plessis for 17. Watson though continued in the same vein while Rayudu got going straightaway as CSK brought up their fifty in the powerplay.
The Watson-Rayudu pair completed the fifty-run stand in the 10th over. Soon after Watson hit two fours to move closer to his fifty as CSK reached the 90-run mark.
KKR picked their second wicket as Kamlesh Nagarkoti dismissed Rayudu for 30 in the 13th over.
Watson meanwhile brought up his second successive half-century of the IPL 2020 before the strategic time-out. But Narine trapped Watson before the wickets soon after as CSK lost two wickets in the space of two overs.
CSK needed 58 from the last 5 overs and Curran targeted Narine hitting a six and a four to bring down the target to 44 from the last four overs.
Varun Chakravarthy bowled the 17th over and got the big wicket of Dhoni after the CSK skipper got out for 11. KKR brought Russell into the attack in the 18th over and he struck on his first ball scalping Curran’s wicket and conceded not more than three runs.
With 36 required from the last two overs CSK hit two fours in the penultimate over bowled by Narine. Russell then bowled two dot balls at the start of the final over and while Jadeja hit two fours and a six KKR sealed a 10-run win.
Brief Scores Kolkata Knight Riders 167 all out Rahul Tripathi 81 Pat Cummins 17* Dwayne Bravo 3/37 beat Chennai Super Kings 157/5 Shane Watson 50 Ambati Rayudu 30 Varun Chakravarthy 1/28 by 10 runs

Date 06 Oct 2020

Dream11 IPL 2020 Match 20 MI vs RR – Match Report


Mumbai Indians MI completed a hat-trick of wins after they beat Rajasthan Royals RR by 57 runs at the Sheikh Zayed Stadium in Abu Dhabi on Tuesday.
Electing to bat MI made their intentions clear straightway as Rohit Sharma and Quinton de Kock hit a four each in the first over bowled by Ankit Rajpoot.
While Shreyas Gopal bowled a tight second over Rohit targeted Rajpoot in the third over hitting a six and a four before de Kock scooped one for four.
In the next over de Kock took on Jofra Archer to hit a four and a six but the left-hander got out in the fifth over as debutant Kartik Tyagi picked his maiden IPL wicket.
MI ended the powerplay with 57 runs on the board losing a wicket.
Rohit and Suryakumar Yadav hit a six and a four respectively in the 8th over before the latter in the ninth added three more fours to his account as MI moved closer to 90.
RR though fought back in the 10th over as Shreyas Gopal scalped two wickets on successive deliveries. First he had MI skipper Rohit caught in the deep and then had Ishan Kishan out on the first ball miscuing a slog.
MI moved past hundred in the 12th over as Suryakumar Yadav hit a couple of crisp fours. However they lost their fourth wicket a couple of overs later as Jofra Archer who was brought back into the attack dismissed Krunal Pandya.
Suryakumar Yadav meanwhile brought up his first fifty of the IPL 2020 in the 16th over as MI surpassed 130-run mark.
MI needed some quick runs to put up a big total on the board and Suryakumar Yadav and Hardik made sure their team got what it was looking for as MI scored 60 off the last four overs.
While the 17th over bowled by Archer went for nine runs as Suryakumar Yadav and Hardik hit a four each. RR then had a chance to get Hardik out in the 18th over but Tom Curran dropped a catch on his own bowling as MI scored 19 in the same over with Surya hitting a four and a six and Hardik hit a four.
Jofra bowled the dramatic 19th over. While Hardik managed to duck under Jofra’s beamer and save getting hit on the head Surya was pinged on the head with Jofra’s bouncer. While he was checked for concussion Surya played an audacious scoop on the next ball to hit a six as MI moved closer to 180 at the close of the penultimate over.
Rajpoot conceded a six and a four in the last over as MI scored 17 in the over to post 193/4 on the board with Surya remaining unbeaten on his best-ever IPL score of 79.
MI had 193 runs to defend and their pacers hit the ground running. Trent Boult struck in the first over as Jaiswal got out for zero.
Jasprit Bumrah then scalped the big wicket of Steve Smith as de Kock held on to an excellent catch behind the wickets.
Boult then had Sanju Samson’s wicket in the third over after the RR batsman mistimed his pull and Rohit held on to an easy catch mid-on.
RR lost their fourth wicket soon after the strategic time out as Anukul Roy took an outstanding catch to get Mahipal Lomror out. The substitute fielder ran backwards from the extra cover position and leaped forward to complete the catch.
While the wickets fell at the end other end Jos Buttler kept the RR hopes alive. The wicketkeeper-batsman who brought up his 10th IPL fifty and 1500 IPL runs changed gears dramatically.
He was batting on 24 off 24 deliveries but Buttler added 26 in the next 10 balls he faced to move past fifty in the 11th over. The next two overs saw Buttler hit two sixes and a four as RR moved closer to 100 by the end of 13 overs.
Buttler had moved to 70 off 43 balls and taking the attack to MI. But a Kieron Pollard special near the boundary rope ended the Buttler show. Pollard manning the long-on area leaped up stuck out his right hand to catch the ball. While the ball bounced out of his hand Pollard kept his nerve and balance to complete the catch.
The West Indian then picked a wicket as RR lost Curran in the 15th over before Bumrah scalped two wickets in the 16th over dismissing Rahul Tewatia and Shreyas Gopal.
Bumrah picked his fourth wicket of the match to end Archer’s 11-ball 24-run cameo. James Pattinson then ended the RR innings dismissing Rajpoot as MI registered their fourth win of the season and moved to the top of the points table.
Brief Scores Mumbai Indians 193/4 Suryakumar Yadav 79* Rohit Sharma 35 Shreyas Gopal 2/28 beat Rajasthan Royals 136 all out Jos Buttler 70 Jofra Archer 24 Jasprit Bumrah 4/20 by 57 runs

Date 05 Oct 2020

Dream11 IPL 2020 Match 19 RCB vs DC - Match Report


Delhi Capitals DC beat Royal Challengers Bangalore RCB by 59 runs in Match 19 of the Dream11 Indian Premier League IPL 2020 at the Dubai International Cricket Stadium on Monday and moved to the top of the points table.
Prithvi Shaw got off to a flying start as the right-hander three fours in the first over bowled by Isuru Udana. While birthday-boy Washington Sundar bowled a tight second over Shikhar Dhawan and Shaw targeted Navdeep Saini in the next over.
Dhawan hit a four and followed it by three while Shaw creamed a six over extra covers as DC moved past 30.
Dhawan and Shaw then took on Yuzvendra Chahal in the fifth over as DC brought up their fifty. The DC openers scored 18 runs with the left-hander hitting a four and Shaw adding a four and a six each to his tally.
The final over the powerplay bowled by Sundar went for 10 runs as DC completed the powerplay with 63 runs on the board.
But Mohammed Siraj playing his first game of the IPL 2020 broke the Shaw-Dhawan stand dismissing the right-hander for 42 in the 7th over.
A couple of overs later RCB struck for the second time in the match as Dhawan was holed out in the deep off Udana’s bowling. Soon after that DC lost the wicket of their captain – Shreyas Iyer – as Moeen Ali struck in his first over after Devdutt Padikkal hold on to a fine catch near the boundary rope.
DC moved past 100 in the 13th over before Marcus Stoinis counterattacked. The Australian all-rounder hit 2 fours and as many sixes in the first 12 deliveries he faced before being hit on the glove by a Saini beamer in the 15th over. He then got a reprieve in the same over as DC surpassed 130-run mark.
In the next over the Stoinis-Pant pair completed the 50-run partnership and in the 16th over hit a four each before Pant hit a six in the same over.
Siraj broke the 89-run stand between Pant and Stoinis in the penultimate over dismissing Pant for 37. Stoinis meanwhile brought up his second fifty of the season in the same over to take DC past 180. The final over bowled by Udana went for 12 runs as DC eventually posted 196/4 on the board.
In the chase Aaron Finch got an early life as Kagiso Rabada dropped a catch off his own bowling before an edge fell just short of Dhawan in the slip in the first over.
There was more to this lucky streak as Finch got another reprieve as Dhawan could not hold on to a sharp chance off Anrich Nortje’s bowling.
DC introduced spin in the third over and the move paid dividends straightway as R Ashwin dismissed Devdutt Padikkal after Stoinis took the catch at deep mid-wicket.
Finch departed in the next over as Axar Patel had him caught behind the wickets for 13.
Kohli could have been run-out in the sixth over bowled by Nortje but Ashwin missed the direct hit and Kohli survived. DC though managed to get another big wicket in the same over as Nortje dismissed the ever-so-dangerous AB de Villiers after Dhawan held on to a skier.
While Moeen Ali and Virat added 33 runs together DC managed did not concede any easy runs. The partnership was broken by Axar as he got out Moeen Ali out for 11 in the 12th over to complete his fine bowling effort conceding just 18 runs from 4 overs to pick 2 wickets.
Rabada then struck big and got the wicket of Virat Kohli in the 14th over of the chase after the RCB skipper under-edged one to the DC wicketkeeper Pant. Sundar was the next man to get out as Rabada picked his second wicket of the match.
The right-arm pacer bowling the 18th over and his final of the night disturbed the timber to dismiss Shivam Dube. Rabada picked up his fourth wicket after Iyer.
Nortje then added one more wicket to his tally before DC closed out the game restricting RCB to 137/9 and sealed a the second biggest win of the IPL 2020.
Brief Scores Delhi Capitals 196/4 Marcus Stoinis 53* Prithvi Shaw 42* Mohammed Siraj 2/34 beat Royal Challengers Bangalore 137/9 Virat Kohli 43 Washington Sundar 17 Kagiso Rabada 4/24 by 59 runs

Date 04 Oct 2020

Dream11 IPL 2020 Match 18 KXIP vs CSK - Match Report


Chennai Super Kings CSK broke the three-match losing streak and returned to winning ways in some style as they beat Kings XI Punjab KXIP by ten wickets in Match 18 of the Dream11 Indian Premier League IPL 2020 at the Dubai International Cricket Stadium on Sunday.
KXIP who made three changes to their playing XI – bringing in Harpreet Brar Mandeep Singh and Chris Jordan – won the toss and elected to bat.
Mayank Agarwal and KL Rahul continued their good run of form. The two took KXIP close to fifty at the end of the powerplay. While KXIP moved past 60 after eight overs Piyush Chawla’s introduction into the attack gave CSK their first breakthrough after he dismissed Mayank for 26.
Mandeep who joined skipper KL Rahul in the middle tonked two sixes off Chawla in the 11th over. But as KXIP were approaching hundred Ravindra Jadeja cut short Mandeep’s stay in the middle getting the right-hander out for 27.
After KXIP brought up their hundred Nicholas Pooran hit Jadeja for a six and a four in the 14th over before Rahul joined the party hitting Shardul Thakur for two fours and a six in the next over to bring up his fifty.
While Pooran hit a six each over the course of next two overs Shardul struck on successive deliveries in the 18th over to dismiss the well-set batsmen KL Rahul and Pooran.
Sarfaraz Khan and Glenn Maxwell then added 26 runs from 16 balls to help KXIP reach 178/4 in their quota of 20 overs.
Needing 179 runs to win Shane Watson came out all guns blazing hitting Sheldon Cottrell for two fours in the first over. He and Faf du Plessis then kept the scorecard ticking before Faf targeted Chris Jordan in the final over of the powerplay hitting four fours helping CSK reach 60.
While KXIP conceded 6 runs in the seventh over the CSK openers hit three fours in the next over. Watson then hit a four and a six off Ravi Bishnoi to move into the 40s.
The two then notched up their fifties in the 11th over as CSK marched past 110. While this was Faf’s third fifty from five games for Watson this was his first fifty-plus score in the IPL 2020.
The merry ways continued as the pair completed 150-run stand for the opening wicket in the 16th over. In the 18th over Faf-Watson brought up CSK’s highest opening partnership surpassing Michael Hussey and Murali Vijay’s 159-run stand.
In the 18th over Faf hit a one-handed six and followed it up with a four as CSK sealed a ten-wicket win and broke their three-match losing streak.
Brief Scores Chennai Super Kings 181/0 Faf du Plessis 87* Shane Watson 83* beat Kings XI Punjab 178/4 KL Rahul 63 Nicholas Pooran 33 Shardul Thakur 2/39 by ten wickets

Date 04 Oct 2020

Dream11 IPL 2020 Match 17 MI vs SRH Match Report


Mumbai Indians MI registered their third win of the season after they beat Sunrisers Hyderabad SRH by 34 runs in Match 17 of the Dream11 Indian Premier League IPL 2020 at the Sharjah Cricket Stadium on Sunday.
Electing to bat MI lost their skipper in the first over after Rohit Sharma edged one to the wicketkeeper off Sandeep Sharma’s bowling.
After SRH bowled two tight overs to start the proceedings Suryakumar Yadav who joined Quinton de Kock in the middle after Rohit’s dismissal hit three crisp fours while de Kock hit his first in the third over bowled by Siddarth Kaul.
But the change of ends did the trick for Kaul as he got Suryakumar Yadav out in the sixth over to complete his 50 IPL wickets.
Q de Kock then got two reprieves in the space of two overs. First in the seventh over Manish Pandey could not hold on to a catch on the boundary rope and in the eighth over Rashid Khan almost had him bowled after failing to time the reverse sweep.
The MI wicketkeeper-batsman then went after Samad in the ninth over hitting a six and a four to push his side past 80.
While MI played out a few quiet overs Ishan Kishan and de Kock who brought up his maiden fifty of the IPL 2020 went after Kane Williamson and Kaul to score 32 runs in the next two overs with the help of three sixes and a four.
But Rashid who was brought back into the attack in the 13th over held on to a fine catch while running towards mid-wicket on his own bowling to end the 78-run partnership dismissing de Kock for 64. 
Hardik Pandya then hit a six and a four to announce his arrival but SRH managed to strike in the 15th over after Manish grabbed an absolute stunner in the deep running towards his right before diving to complete an outstanding catch to end Kishan’s innings.
Hardik and Kieron Pollard then added 41 runs in the 4.2 overs before the former got out off Kaul’s bowling. However Krunal Pandya who replaced his brother in the middle went 6446 on the last four deliveries of the innings as MI posted 208/5 on the board.
Needing 209 runs to win Jonny Bairstow set the ball rolling for SRH in the chase hitting Trent Boult for a six and followed it up two fours in the second over bowled by James Pattinson.
MI introduced spin early in the defence of 208 and Bairstow cracked one more six in the third over bowled by Krunal. But MI managed to end the Bairstow show in the fifth over as Boult dismissed the SRH opener for 25.
Manish announced his arrival to the batting crease in style hitting two crisp fours in the space of 5 balls before Warner joined the four-hitting party in the final over of the powerplay hitting two fours off Jasprit Bumrah. Manish then added one more four to his tally to take SRH to 55/1.
Krunal then bowled a three-run over and the pressure he applied in the seventh over almost paid off in the next over. But Hardik dropped a catch near the boundary rope as Manish got a reprieve.
The Warner-Manish pair then took on Rahul Chahar in the ninth over hitting a six each to complete a 50-run partnership in under 30 balls. But Pattinson struck in the 10th over to get Manish out for 30.
Warner then pushed SRH past 100 hitting a six and a four off Krunal in the 11th over. The SRH skipper brought up his first half-century of the IPL 2020 in the next over as his side moved to 115/2.
MI brought back Boult into the attack and the move paid dividends as the left-arm pacer dismissed Williamson – his national team captain – with a slower delivery for 3 in the 13th over.
Priyam Garg got out for 8 after Chahar hold on to a fine catch near the boundary rope to give Krunal his second wicket of the match.
By the end of the 15th over SRH were 139/4 and needed 70 off the last five overs.
Pattinson then landed a big blow as he got his compatriot and SRH skipper – Warner – out for 60 after Ishan Kishan held on to a stunning diving catch at the short third-man.
SRH scored 14 in the 17th over as Samad hit a six and a four off Bumrah to bring down the target to 51 off the last three overs. But Boult bringing all his experience into play conceded just 4 runs in the 18th over.
While Samad hit a six on the first ball of the penultimate over bowled by Bumrah he got out on the next delivery. The right-arm pacer then hit the woodwork to end Abhishek Sharma’s innings.
Pollard bowled the last over with SRH needing 37 runs to win and the West Indian all-rounder conceded just two runs as MI beat SRH by 34 runs to add two more points to their account.
Brief Scores Mumbai Indians 208/5 Quinton de Kock 65 Ishan Kishan 31 Sandeep Sharma 2/41 beat Sunrisers Hyderabad 174/7 David Warner 60 Manish Pandey 30 Trent Boult 2/28 by 34 runs

Date 03 Oct 2020

Dream11 IPL 2020 Match 16 DC vs KKR – Match Report


Delhi Capitals DC returned to winning ways as they beat Kolkata Knight Riders KKR by 18 runs in what turned out to be a run-fest at
Delhi Capitals DC returned to winning ways following their 18-run win over Kolkata Knight Riders KKR in Match 16 of the Dream11 Indian Premier League IPL 2020 on Saturday.
At the Sharjah Cricket Stadium DC after put in to bat needed a brisk start and Shikhar Dhawan and Prithvi Shaw did exactly that. Both the openers hit a four each in the first two overs before Shaw hit a four and a six off Pat Cummins in the third over.
In the fifth over Dhawan creamed two sixes off Sunil Narine as DC crossed the fifty-run mark. Dhawan though got out in the final over of the powerplay as Varun Chakravarthy dismissed the left-hander for 26.
DC skipper Shreyas Iyer joined Shaw in the middle as DC continued to score freely. Shaw and Iyer hit a six and a four respectively in the eighth over as DC moved past 70.
Shaw then brought up his second fifty of the IPL in the 11th over hitting a six off Kamlesh Nagarkoti. Iyer too followed suit as DC sailed past 100. The pair then went after Chakravarthy in the 12th over scoring 16.
Nagarkoti then dismissed former India Under 19 skipper in the 13th over after Shaw scored 66 off 41 balls. Rishabh Pant walked out to bat following Shaw’s dismissal.
Pant did take a few balls to settle in but he hit three fours off Shivam Mavi in the 16th over while Iyer added one more four to his account to bring up his fastest IPL fifty in 26 balls. In the next over Iyer hit a six and two fours off Cummins’ bowling as DC approached 190.
While Pant two fours and a six in the 18th over bowled by Andre Russell he got out in the same over after slamming 38 off 17 deliveries. Iyer though continued his juggernaut as he took on Chakravarthy in the penultimate over hammering two sixes and a four as DC surpassed 220-run mark with Iyer moving to 88 off 38 balls.
Although the DC skipper was in a touching distance of a hundred Russell did a fine job to keep Iyer away from strike in the final over and conceded just seven runs. However DC went on to register the highest total of the IPL 2020.
KKR needed a brisk start in the chase but they lost Sunil Narine in the second over after Anrich Nortje disturbed the timber.
Nitish Rana hit two sixes off R Ashwin in the third over before Shubman Gill hit a four and a six in the 4th over. Rana and Gill then took KKR close to 60 before the powerplay came to an end.
DC though did a good job and did not give away more than 13 runs in the next two overs and it helped them to get Gill’s wicket in the 9th over.
While Russell who joined Rana in the middle hit Rabada for a four and a six in the 10th over the right-arm pacer dismissed in the big-hitting West Indian all-rounder in the same over.
KKR then lost Rana who scored 58 off 35 balls and Dinesh Karthik on successive deliveries in the 13th over bowled by Harshal Patel. KKR were 122/6 when Cummins got out in the 14th over.
KKR needed a miracle to pull off a stunning win and Eoin Morgan and Rahul Tripathi kept their side in the game. In the 17th over of the chase KKR hammered 24 runs off Stoinis with Tripathi hitting 3 sixes and a four.
Rabada ran in to bowl his final over and the 18th over of the innings and it went for 23 runs with Morgan hitting the right-arm pacer for three sixes and Tripathi hitting a four.
After scoring 47 runs across 17th and 18th over KKR brought the target down to 31 runs from the last two overs. However Nortje bowling the 19th over conceded only 5 runs and ended Morgan’s 18-ball 44-run blitz.
While Tripathi hit a four off the first ball of the last over Stoinis and DC managed to limit KKR to 210/8 and won the match by 18 runs.
Brief Scores Delhi Capitals 228/4 Shreyas Iyer 88* Prithvi Shaw 66 Andre Russell 2/29 beat Kolkata Knight Riders 210/9 Nitish Rana 58 Eoin Morgan 44 Anrich Nortje 3/33 by 18 runs

Date 03 Oct 2020

Dream11 IPL 2020 Match 15 RCB vs RR – Match Report


Royal Challengers Bangalore RCB sealed their third win of the Dream11 Indian Premier League IPL 2020 after they beat Rajasthan Royals RR by eight wickets at the Sheikh Zayed Stadium in Abu Dhabi on Saturday.
Electing to bat RR lost their top three – Steve Smith Jos Buttler and Sanju Samson – in the powerplay. Isuru Udana struck in the third over as RR skipper chopped one onto the stumps.
While Buttler moved to 22 in no time Navdeep Saini gave RCB their second wicket in the fourth over after Devdutt Padikkal held on to a stunning catch in the slips to cut short Buttler’s stay in the middle.
RR then lost Sanju Samson in the fifth over as Yuzvendra Chahal struck for the first time in the match.
Robin Uthappa and Mahipal Lomror playing his first game of the season then added 39 runs together before the former was holed out in the deep off Chahal’s bowling in the 11th over.
Riyan Parag then joined Lomror in the middle and the pair added 35 runs to push RR past 100. But the two got out in quick succession. While Udana got the wicket of Riyan Parag Lomror’s 47-run knock came to an end after Chahal dismissed the left-hander in the 17th over.
Rahu Tewatia and Jofra Archer joined forces and the pair added 40 runs from the 20 deliveries to push RR past 150. While Tewatia remained unbeaten on 24 off 12 balls Archer scored 16* from 10 balls.
Needing 155 runs to win RCB were quick off the blocks scoring 20 off the first two overs with Aaron Finch hitting a four and Devdutt Padikkal hitting a four and a six.
While Finch hit his second four of the match in the third over Shreyas Gopal trapped Finch before the wickets to give RR their first breakthrough.
The left-hander who was joined by RCB skipper Virat Kohli continued his merry ways as RCB moved past fifty at the end of the powerplay. The Kohli-Padikkal pair kept the scorecard ticking and completed a half-century stand in the 10th over.
A couple of overs later young Padikkal brought up his third fifty of the season as RCB surpassed the 90-run mark in the 12th over the chase.
In the next over Kohli hit a four and a six off Riyan Parag to move into the 40s before raising his bat for his first fifty of the IPL 2020 as RCB moved closer to 120 at the end of the 15th over.
RR managed to break the Kohli-Padikkal 99-run stand after Archer disturbed the timber to end Padikkal’s 63-run innings.
With 24 needed from the last three overs RCB scored 16 off the 18th over bowled by Tom Curran with Kohli hit three fours before completing 5500 IPL runs.
AB de Villiers then finished the things off with a four on the first ball of the last over as RCB sealed their third win from the four games.
Brief Scores Royal Challengers Bangalore 158/2 Virat Kohli 72* Devdutt Padikkal 63 Jofra Archer 1/18 beat Rajasthan Royals 154/6 Mahipal Lomror 47 Rahul Tewatia 24* Yuzvendra Chahal 3/24 by eight wickets

Date 02 Oct 2020

Dream11 IPL 2020 Match 14 CSK vs SRH – Match Report


Sunrisers Hyderabad SRH registered their second win in the row after they beat Chennai Super Kings CSK by seven runs in the 14th match of the Dream11 Indian Premier League IPL 2020 at the Dubai International Cricket Stadium on Friday.
After SRH elected to bat they lost Jonny Bairstow in the first over as Deepak Chahar disturbed the timber to strike early. Manish Pandey who joined David Warner in the middle edged the first delivery but managed to get a four off it to open his account.
Over the next four overs Manish hit a four every over as he and David Warner went on to add 46 runs for the second wicket. However Shardul Thakur broke the partnership in the eighth over dismissing Manish for 29.
Warner and Kane Williamson added 22 runs together but CSK managed to push SRH on the backfoot as both the experienced SRH batsmen were dismissed on the successive deliveries in the 11th over.
While Faf du Plessis pulled off yet another stunner on the boundary rope to hold on to a fine catch to get Warner out off Piyush Chawla’s bowling Williamson was then run-out for 9.
SRH needed a partnership and two of their youngsters – Abhishek Sharma and Priyam Garg – answered the call. Sharma went after Ravindra Jadeja in the 14th over hitting a four and a six to push SRH past 91.
While the two scored 20 over the course of next two overs it was the 17th where SRH hammered 22 in an over courtesy a Garg attack. The right-hander hit Sam Curran for 3 fours and a six.
Although Sharma got a couple of reprieves in the 18th over Chahar managed to get his second wicket dismissing the left-hander in the same over. Garg then brought up his maiden IPL fifty in the penultimate over before SRH eventually ended their quota of 20 overs with 164/5 on board.
Defending 164 SRH bowlers kept the things tight before Bhuvneshwar Kumar got Shane Watson out in the third over.
However it was the final over of the powerplay which proved extremely effective for SRH. First T Natarajan dismissed Ambati Rayudu before Faf was run-out in the final ball of the powerplay.
A couple of overs later Abdul Samad got the wicket of Kedar Jadhav after Warner held on to a sharp catch in the covers.
CSK were 42/4 when Jadhav got out and needed a partnership to steady the innings and MS Dhoni and Jadeja did just that.
The two put up the much-needed partnership but SRH still did not concede too many easy runs before Jadeja hit three fours in the 17th over to push CSK past 100.
Jadeja then hit a four and six in the 18th over bowled by T Natarajan to complete his fifty. However he got out in the same over. While Curran hammered a six on the first ball he faced the task at hand still was not easy.
SRH meanwhile suffered an injury blow as Bhuvneshwar Kumar after bowling the first ball of the 19th over had to leave the field. Khaleel Ahmed who completed the over conceded 15 more.
CSK needed 28 runs off the final over which was bowled by Samad. While the over began with 5 wides Samad and SRH managed to hold their nerve to seal a 7-run win.
Brief Scores Sunrisers Hyderabad 164/5 Priyam Garg 51* Abhishek Sharma 31 Deepak Chahar 2/31 beat Chennai Super Kings 157/5 Ravindra Jadeja 50 MS Dhoni 47* T Natarajan 2/43 by 7 runs

Date 01 Oct 2020

Dream11 IPL 2020 Match 13 KXIP-MI - Match Report


Mumbai Indians MI returned to winning ways after they beat Kings XI Punjab KXIP by 48 runs in the Match 13 of the Dream11 Indian Premier League IPL 2020 at the Sheikh Zayed Stadium in Abu Dhabi on Thursday.
After electing to bowl KXIP struck in the first over as Sheldon Cottrell disturbed the timber to dismiss Quinton de Kock for 0.
While MI skipper Rohit Sharma completed 5000 IPL runs and Suryakumar Yadav hit some delightful drives KXIP picked up their second wicket via run-out in the 4th over as Mohammed Shami’s direct-hit cut short Suryakumar Yadav’s innings.
MI were 21/2 after 3.5 overs when Suryakumar Yadav and following his wicket Ishan Kishan who had scored a whirlwind 99 in MI’s last game against Royal Challengers Bangalore RCB then joined Rohit in the middle.
Rohit pushed MI past 40 at the close of the powerplay hitting two fours off K Gowtham’s bowling in the sixth over. KXIP though did a fine job keeping the things tight in the next four overs as MI moved to 62/2.
Kishan then hit Ravi Bishnoi for a six as he and Rohit completed the fifty-run stand. The left-hander in the 12th over got a reprieve after Bishnoi could not hold on to a catch in the deep. But Kishan could not make the most of it and got out for 28 in the 14th over.
MI were 87/3 after 14 overs when Kishan got out and were looking to up the ante and they did so in some style scoring 104 runs in the last six overs.
The 15th over bowled by Bishnoi went for 15 runs as Rohit and Kieron Pollard hit a six each helping MI bring up their hundred. The 16th over went for 22 runs as Rohit targeted Jimmy Neesham hitting 2 sixes and as many fours to bring up his second half-century of the season.
Mohammad Shami bowling the 17th over conceded just 5 runs and scalped a big wicket of Rohit dismissing the MI skipper after scoring 70 off 45 balls.
Hardik Pandya though did not take any time whatsoever to launch an attack. The Indian all-rounder hit a six and two fours in the 18th over as MI scored 18 in the over to move closer to 150.
Shami bowled the penultimate over of the innings and MI scored 19 runs off it with Pollard hitting three fours and Hardik adding one more to his name.
MI though kept the best for the last and K Gowtham had to bear the brunt of the onslaught as MI hammered 25 in the last over. While it was Hardik who hit a six on the first ball of the final over Pollard who was coming into this game on the back of his 24-ball 60*-blitz against RCB clobbered three sixes on the last three deliveries as MI posted 191/4 on the board.
Needing 192 runs to win KXIP were off the blocks straightway with Mayank Agarwal and KL Rahul hitting a four each.
While Mayank looked in a fine nick as KXIP moved to 37 after the end of four overs Jasprit Bumrah who was introduced into the attack in the 5th over disturbed the timber to get Mayank out for 25.
Karun Nair was the next man to get out after he chopped a Krunal Pandya delivery back onto the stumps in the final over the powerplay.
While Nicholas Pooran went after Krunal in his next over hitting a six and a four MI managed to scalp a big wicket of KL Rahul after the KXIP skipper perished for 17 in the 9th over.
Pooran and Glenn Maxwell added 41 runs together with the left-hander doing the majority of the scoring but the two got out in the successive overs. While Pattinson dismissed Pooran Chahar got Maxwell out in the 14th over. Neesham was the next man to get out as Bumrah picked his second wicket of the match.
While K Gowtham played a few shots MI went on to seal a 48-run win to add two more points to their account.
Brief Scores Mumbai Indians 191/4 Rohit Sharma 70 Kieron Pollard 47* Sheldon Cottrell 1/20 beat Kings XI Punjab 143/8 Nicholas Pooran 44 Mayank Agarwal 25 2/18 by 48 runs

Date 30 Sep 2020

Dream11 IPL 2020 Match 12 RR vs KKR - Match Report


The young guns – Shubman Gill Shivam Mavi Kamlesh Nagarkoti and Varun Chakravarthy – starred as Kolkata Knight Riders KKR registered their second successive win in the Dream11 Indian Premier League IPL 2020 beating Rajasthan Royals RR by runs in Dubai on Wednesday.
After put in to bat KKR opener Gill who was coming into this game on the back of a match-winning 70* made his intentions clear as early as in the second over hitting a six off Ankit Rajpoot. 
While RR had a chance to get their first breakthrough in the third over Robin Uthappa could not hold onto a catch as Sunil Narine got a reprieve.
Narine opened his shoulders hitting two fours and a six over the course of the next two overs but Jaydev Unadkat dismissed the left-hander in the fifth over as RR struck for the first time in the match.
Gill was then joined in the middle by Nitish Rana. The two scored at a brisk pace and added 46 runs together in 31 balls. But Rahul Tewatia who was introduced into the attack in the 10th over broke the Gill-Rana partnership as he got Rana out for 22.
Gill was the next man to get out as Smith brought Jofra Archer into the attack for his second spell. The England pacer struck with his first delivery on his return to the bowling attack as Gill departed for a well-made 47.
Andre Russell meanwhile went after Shreyas Gopal clobbering a couple of sixes in the 13th over as KKR moved past 100. KKR though lost their skipper Dinesh Karthik for 1 in the next over as Archer picked his second wicket.
Ankit Rajpoot then gave RR the big wicket of Russell. While Russell hammered a six on the first legal delivery of the over he was caught in the deep by Unadkat on the next ball.
Eoin Morgan and Pat Cummins who joined forces following Russell’s departure then put up a 34-run stand before Tom Curran dismissed Cummins in the 18th over when KKR had 149 runs on the board.
Morgan and Kamlesh Nagarkoti then added 25 runs in the last two overs as KKR ended their quota of 20 overs scoring 174.
Needing 175 runs to win Jos Buttler hit a six in the first over. But KKR managed to strike in the second over as Cummins dismissed his compatriot and RR skipper Steve Smith.
While Buttler played a few shots including a scoop for a six KKR ran through the RR middle-order courtesy the former India U19 World Cup winners – Shivam Mavi and Nagarkoti.
Mavi in the fifth over had Sanju Samson caught at mid-wicket after the right-hander mistimed his shot. Mavi then struck right after the powerplay as he got Buttler out caught at short third-man.
Nagarkoti playing his second IPL games then joined the wicket-taking party scalped two wickets in the eighth over. First he had Robin Uthappa on the pull as Mavi completed a simple catch. The right-arm bowler then had Riyan Parag’s wicket as Gill took a fine low catch to reduce RR to 42/5.
KKR then introduced Varun Chakravarthy into the attack in the 11th over and he had the better of Tewatia as KKR picked the sixth RR wicket. Narine got his first wicket as Shreyas Gopal was caught behind the wickets. 
Chakravarthy then picked up his second wicket after Nagarkoti took an absolute stunner running in from long-on he dived towards his left and completed a remarkable catch. Kuldeep then picked up his maiden wicket dismissing Unadkat.
While the wickets tumbled at the other end Tom Curran put up a fight with the bat to bring up his fifty. But KKR restricted RR to 137/9 to complete a 37-run win.
Brief Scores Kolkata Knight Riders 174/6 Shubman Gill 47 Eoin Morgan 34* Jofra Archer 2/18 beat Rajasthan Royals 137/9 Tom Curran 54* Jos Buttler 21 Kamlesh Nagarkoti 2/13 by 37 runs

Date 29 Sep 2020

Dream11 IPL 2020 Match 11 DC vs SRH – Match Report


David Warner sealed a win in his 50th Indian Premier League IPL match as captain after Sunrisers Hyderabad SRH beat Delhi Capitals DC by 15 runs at the Sheikh Zayed Stadium in Abu Dhabi and secured their first win of the Dream11 IPL 2020 on Tuesday.
After electing to bowl in Abu Dhabi DC kept SRH openers – Warner and Jonny Bairstow – in check bowling some tight lines and the approach almost gave them their first wicket in the fifth over after Bairstow was hit onto the pads. While DC opted for a review Bairstow as the on-field decision of not-out stayed.
SRH though started to make a move as Warner hit a six and four in the last over of the powerplay and Bairstow hit one across the ropes in the 7th over as SRH crossed the fifty-run mark.
The Warner-Bairstow duo meanwhile was lightening fast between the wickets sprinting across for the singles and doubles. The SRH skipper started to open his shoulder hitting Ishant Sharma for a six and reverse-sweeping Amit Mishra for a four.
However DC struck in the 10th over to dismiss Warner after the left-hander was adjudged out via DRS after gloving one to the wicketkeeper giving Mishra his first wicket. The leg-spinner struck once again in his next over as Manish Pandey holed out in the deep in the 12th over.
Kane Williamson playing his first game of the season then joined Bairstow in the middle and SRH moved past the 100-run mark in the 14th over. A couple of overs later Williamson played a couple of cracking shots off Anrich Nortje to push SRH close to 130. In the 17th over the New Zealand skipper took on Marcus Stoinis hitting two fours.
Bairstow then brought up his fifty in the 18th over but departed in the same over as Kagiso Rabada dismissed the SRH opener for 53.
Following Bairstow’s fall Abdul Samad making his debut came out to bat. The young right-hander hit a four and a six and scored an unbeaten 12 off 7 balls.
Williamson meanwhile got out in the final over after scoring a valuable 41 off 26 balls and SRH posted 162/4 in their quota of 20 overs.
Defending 162 SRH struck in the first over as Bhuvneshwar Kumar got Prithvi Shaw out two.
DC skipper Shreyas Iyer and Shikhar Dhawan then added 40 runs together but Rashid Khan’s introduction into the attack gave SRH their second wicket as Iyer fell for 17 after being caught by Samad in the deep.
The leg-spinner struck soon after as he got the wicket of Dhawan. The DC opener got out in the 12th over after scoring 34.
In the next over Abhishek Sharma could not hold on to a sharp chance to dismiss Rishabh Pant and the DC wicketkeeper-batsman made SRH pay for the same with two successive sixes.
Two overs later Shimron Hetmyer went big and slammed two sixes off Khaleel Ahmed’s bowling as DC moved past hundred. But the West Indian batsman got out in the next over trying to go for another big hit as Bhuvneshwar scalped his second wicket of the match.
Pant though hit two fours in the same over as DC moved to 114/4 after the end of the 16th over.
Rashid returned to bowl his final over of the day and the 17th over of the innings and got Pant’s wicket after the left-hander went aerial and Priyam Garg pouched one safely in the deep.
T Natarajan then trapped Marcus Stoinis before the wickets in the 18th over. DC needed 37 off the last two overs and Bhuvneshwar Kumar conceded not more than nine runs in the penultimate over.
While DC scored 12 runs in the last over SRH managed to seal a 15-run win.
Brief Scores Sunrisers Hyderabad 162/4 Jonny Bairstow 53 David Warner 45 Kagiso Rabada 2/21 beat Delhi Capitals 147/7 Shikhar Dhawan 34 Rishabh Pant 28 Rashid Khan 3/14 by 15 runs

Date 28 Sep 2020

DREAM11 IPL 2020 MATCH 10 RCB VS MI – MATCH REPORT


What drama what action. What a match
Royal Challengers Bangalore RCB and Mumbai Indians MI played out the second Super Over-thriller of Dream11 Indian Premier League IPL 2020 and it was Virat Kohli and Co. who emerged triumphant to win the game at the Dubai International Cricket Stadium on Monday.
RCB who made two changes to their playing XI bringing in Adam Zampa and Isuru Udana made a solid start after put into bat.
While he was hit into the box on the fourth delivery he faced and there were a few hits and misses Aaron Finch made his intent clear. The right-hander creamed a Trent Boult delivery for a six in the third over before hitting four fours across the next two overs.
In the final over of the powerplay RCB moved past fifty with Finch batting on 40 and Devdutt Padikkal batting on 14.
The Australian limited-overs skipper brought up his fifty in the eighth over powerfully sweeping a Rahul Chahar delivery for four.
But a slower ball from Boult did the trick as MI managed to get their first breakthrough dismissing Finch for 52 in the ninth over.
MI kept the things tight over the next couple of overs and it helped them scalp a big wicket of Virat Kohli in the 13th over. Chahar got the RCB skipper out as Kohli’s counterpart Rohit Sharma held onto an easy catch.
RCB needed to break the shackles that MI applied over the last few overs and Devdutt Padikkal answered that call clobbering two sixes off James Pattinson in the 14th over as RCB moved to 110.
Devdutt Padikkal who completed his second fifty in the last three games and AB de Villiers hit two fours each across the next two overs before ABD went after Jasprit Bumrah for two sixes and a four in the 17th over to take RCB past 150.
The 62-run stand though was broken on the first ball of the 18th over as Boult dismissed the left-hander for 54.
However ABD continued to take on Bumrah as the Indian pacer’s final over and the innings penultimate over went for 17 runs with ABD hitting a four and a six to go past fifty and Shivam Dube hitting a four to push his side past 180.
Dube then creamed three sixes in the final over off Pattinson as RCB posted 201/3 on the board.
Needing 202 runs to win MI required a strong opening start but it was not to be as Washington Sundar struck in the second over to get the big scalp or Rohit. RCB debutant Isuru Udana then dismissed Suryakumar Yadav in the next two over.
RCB continued to apply pressure in the powerplay with Washington Sundar keeping things extremely tight. The right-arm off-spinner conceded only 7 runs in his three overs.
RCB introduced Yuzvendra Chahal into the attack in the seventh over and the leg-spinner got Quinton de Kock out in his first over. Hardik Pandya and Ishan Kishan then added 39 runs together but Zampa broke the stand dismissing Hardik in the 12th over. 
Kishan who was playing his first game of the season then went on to bring up his fifty. By the time 16 overs were over MI were 122/4 needing 80 off the last four overs.
Kieron Pollard then turned it on and how. He went after Zampa in the 17th over hitting him for 27 runs with the help of three sixes and a four.
Three overs to go and MI now needed 53 runs to win and Pollard who marched past fifty in 20 balls slammed two sixes while Kishan tonked one as Chahal’s final over of the night went for 22 runs reducing MI’s target to 31 off 12 balls.
While Navdeep Saini kept his composure conceding just 5 runs on the first four deliveries Kishan hit a six off the fifth ball before scoring a single on the final ball of the 19th over.
MI needed 19 off the final over with Isuru Udana bowling that over. The first two balls went for two runs but Kishan hit a six on the third ball as Gurkeerat Singh Mann dropped catch at long-off. The MI left-hander then hammered one more on the next ball to move to 99. With MI needing 5 from the last two balls and Kishan needing 1 for his ton he went for another big hit only to be caught at deep mid-wicket.
MI required 5 to seal a win on the final ball and Pollard sent one past the boundary rope for a four to tie the scores and push the game into the Super Over.
Mi batted first in the Super Over with Pollard and Hardik being the first two batsmen. Saini though did remarkably well to limit the opposition to 7 runs picking up a wicket of Kieron Pollard.
RCB needed 8 to win the Super Over and out came ABD and skipper Kohli as MI picked Bumrah to bowl the over.
There was no shortage of drama. After Bumrah conceded just two off the first two balls ABD took a review to overturn the decision on the third ball. RCB needed 6 off the last three deliveries and ABD did well to hit a four off Bumrah’s bouncer to bring down the target to 2 off 2. Although the match went to the final ball Kohli hit a four to take RCB home.
Brief Scores Royal Challengers Bangalore 201/3 AB de Villiers 55* Devdutt Padikkal 54 Trent Boult 2/34 tied Mumbai Indians 201/5 Ishan Kishan 99 Kieron Pollard 60* Isuru Udana 2/45
Super Over Royal Challengers Bangalore 11/0 beat Mumbai Indians 7/1

Date 27 Sep 2020

DREAM11 IPL 2020 MATCH 9 RR VS KXIP – MATCH REPORT


Absolute heist
Rajasthan Royals RR put up a sensational show with the bat and created a record for the highest successful run-chase in the Indian Premier League history as they beat Kings XI Punjab KXIP by four wickets in the ninth match of the Dream11 IPL 2020 at the Sharjah Cricket Stadium on Sunday.
Put in to bat KXIP were off to a flying start as Mayank Agarwal and KL Rahul pretty much matched one another shot for shot. The two good friends were in for some fun and it was RR who wore the brunt of it as KXIP marched towards sixty at the end of powerplay with Mayank and Rahul scoring 29 and 26 runs respectively.
The mandatory powerplay was over but that did not deter either as KXIP continued to score at a rapid pace. While Mayank got a reprieve in the seventh over despite a fine fielding effort from Riyan Parag near the boundary rope the KXIP opener continued to attack hitting two sixes and a four in the next over bowled by Rahul Tewatia.
The merry ways continued for Mayank as he then went after his Karnataka teammate – Shreyas Gopal – in the ninth over slamming two sixes to bring up his fifty and team’s hundred.
While Rahul completed his fifty in the 12th over Mayank had moved past 80. The two then completed the 150-run stand in the 14th over.
Mayank who had scored 89 during KXIP’s first game against Delhi Capitals then completed his first IPL ton hitting the final delivery of the 15th over for four.
RR though managed to stop the Mayank-Rahul juggernaut over the course of the next three overs. While Tom Curran dismissed Mayank after his 50-ball 106-run knock which included 10 fours and 7 sixes Ankit Rajpoot got Rahul out for 69 on the final ball of the 18th over. 
However RR still managed to score 29 off the last two overs as Nicholas Pooran scoring 25* off 8 and Glenn Maxwell scoring 13* off 9 balls to take KXIP to 223/2 which now is the highest team score in the IPL 2020.
With 224 runs to win RR needed a blistering start and skipper Steve Smith did not waste any time to get going as he hit two fours in the first over of the chase.
But KXIP managed to dismiss Jos Buttler in the third over as Sarfaraz Khan took a good low catch off Sheldon Cottrell.
Sanju Samson then joined Smith in the middle and the pair continued from where they had left in the first game against Chennai Super Kings.
Sanju Samson needed no sighters whatsoever as he creamed the first legal delivery that he played for a six before hitting the third ball he faced for a four. Smith then hit Mohammad Shami for a six and a four in the fourth over.
KXIP introduced Ravi Bishnoi into the attack in the fifth over and Sanju Samson hit him for a six and a four to push RR past fifty.
Smith brought up his second successive fifty of IPL 2020 in the ninth over but lost his wicket in the same over.
Rahul Tewatia then joined Sanju Samson in the middle. While Sanju Samson moved past fifty KXIP managed to keep things tight conceding just 21 runs in the next four overs.
Sanju Samson and Tewatia then hit a six each in the two overs but RR still needed something extraordinary to push themselves past the finish line and Sanju Samson opened the floodgates hitting Maxwell for three sixes in the 16th over. But he departed in the 17th over after scoring 85 off 42 balls hitting 4 fours and 7 sixes.
By the end of the 17th over Tewatia was batting on 17 off 23 balls and RR needed a miracle to score 51 off last three overs. But then Tewatia changed the gears and how. He went after Cottrell and creamed as many as five sixes to move to 47 off 29 balls and brought the target down to 21 off 2 overs.
While Shami got Robin Uthappa out on the first ball of the penultimate over Jofra Archer hammered two sixes off the next two deliveries before Tewatia hit one more to notch up his fifty bringing bring down the winning target to two runs.
Although he got out on the final ball of the 19th over and Murugan Ashwin bowled a dot and took a wicket off Riyan Parag Curran hit a four on the third ball of the final over to seal a sensational RR win.
Brief Scores Rajasthan Royals 226/6 Sanju Samson 85 Rahul Tewatia 53 Mohammad Shami 3/53 beat Kings XI Punjab 223/2 Mayank Agarwal 106 KL Rahul 69 Ankit Rajpoot 1/39 by four wickets

Date 26 Sep 2020

Dream11 IPL 2020 Match 8 KKR vs SRH – Match Report


Shubman Gill and Eoin Morgan starred as Kolkata Knight Riders KKR secured two points following their seven-wicket win over Sunrisers Hyderabad SRH in the eighth match of the Dream11 Indian Premier League IPL 2020 in Abu Dhabi on Saturday.
Needing 143 runs to win KKR lost Sunil Narine in the second over as David Warner held on to a catch off Khaleel Ahmed’s bowling. Nitish Rana and Gill though scored at a brisk pace taking on the SRH pacers.
However their 21-ball 37-run partnership was broken as T Natarajan dismissed Rana after the left-hander had scored a quickfire 26. Dinesh Karthik was the next man to get out as Rashid Khan got him out LBW soon after KKR crossed their fifty.
With KKR needing a big partnership Eoin Morgan then joined Gill in the middle.
While the duo did not play too many big shots they kept the scorecard ticking with Gill cashing in on every scoring opportunity and made sure that KKR did not lose any wicket.
In the 13th over the stylish right-handed batsman brought up his fifty with a four as KKR moved closer to 100.
Two overs later Gill and Morgan completed fifty-run stand. Morgan then hit a six and a four off Bhuvneshwar Kumar and Rashid respectively.
While Gill then hit a six off Abhishek Sharma Morgan who scored an unbeaten 42 closed out the game hitting a six and a four to help KKR cross the finish line with two overs to spare.
Earlier after electing to bat SRH posted 142/4 on the board on the back of Manish Pandey’s 51.
KKR kept the things tight in the powerplay. While Jonny Bairstow managed to survive an a caught-behind appeal courtesy DRS on the fifth ball of the 4th over he departed on the next delivery after Pat Cummins disturbed the timber.
Pandey then welcomed Shivam Mavi into the attack hitting a six in his first over. But KKR largely managed to keep SRH in check as Varun Chakravarthy got his first IPL wicket as he got David Warner out caught and bowled.
Wriddhiman Saha then joined Pandey in the middle and the two added 62 runs together to push KKR past 120. However Pandey soon after bringing up his fifty and looking to add some quick runs got out in the 18th over as Andre Russell gave their third wicket.
Saha then perished in the final over as KKR managed to restrict SRH to 142/4.
Brief Scores Kolkata Knight Riders 145/3 Shubman Gill 70* Eoin Morgan 42* Rashid Khan 1/25 beat Sunrisers Hyderabad 142/4 Manish Pandey 51 David Warner 36 Pat Cummins 1/19 by 7 wickets

Date 25 Sep 2020

DREAM11 IPL 2020 MATCH 7 CSK VS DC – MATCH REPORT


Delhi Capitals DC sealed their second successive win in the Dream11 Indian Premier League IPL 2020 as they beat Chennai Super Kings CSK by 44 runs at the Dubai International Cricket Stadium on Friday.
In the seventh game of the season CSK who made one change to their playing XI bringing in Josh Hazlewood in place of Lungi Ngidi won the toss and elected to field.
Prithvi Shaw set the ball rolling for DC hitting two fours in the first over bowled by Deepak Chahar. While there were a couple of quiet overs Shaw added two more fours to his account as he took on Sam Curran.
Piyush Chawla was introduced into the attack in the seventh over and Shaw welcomed him with two fours. In the next over Shikhar Dhawan hit Ravindra Jadeja for a six and a four as DC moved past 60.
Shaw once again went after Chawla in the ninth over and then hit a six off Jadeja in the tenth over to complete his fifty.
CSK needed a breakthrough and Chawla provided them with one dismissing Dhawan in the 11th over. The leg-spinner struck one more time as Shaw was stumped.
Shreyas Iyer and Rishabh Pant joined forces in the middle following Shaw’s dismissal in the 13th over and added 58 runs together. 
The partnership was broken in the 19th over when Dhoni took a stunning catch diving to his right off Curran’s bowling. Hazlewood’s last over went for 14 runs as DC posted 175/3 on the board.
Defending 175 DC did not give away any easy runs in the first three overs before Shane Watson hit Avesh Khan for a four and a six in the 4th over. But Axar Patel dismissed Watson in the next over before Anrich Nortje got Murali Vijay out on the last ball of the powerplay. DC conceded just 13 runs in the next four overs and lost the wicket of Ruturaj Gaikwad.
Faf du Plessis and Kedar Jadhav put up a 54-run stand for the next wicket and kept the CSK hopes alive before Nortje got Jadhav out LBW in the 16th over.
While du Plessis enjoyed a couple of reprieves he was eventually dismissed for 43 by Kagiso Rabada in the 18th over.
With 55 needed in the last two overs CSK needed a miracle to win the match. But DC conceded only 10 runs in the last two overs and sealed 44-run win to seal their second win in a row.
Brief Scores Delhi Capitals 175/3 Prithvi Shaw 64 Rishabh Pant 37* Piyush Chawla 2/33 beat Chennai Super Kings 131/7Faf du Plessis 43 Kedar Jadhav 26 Kagiso Rabada 3/26 by 44 runs

Date 24 Sep 2020

DREAM11 IPL 2020 MATCH 6 KXIP VS RCB – MATCH REPORT


Skipper KL Rahul’s batting masterclass was on full display as Kings XI Punjab KXIP beat Royal Challengers Bangalore RCB by 97 runs in the sixth match of the Dream11 Indian Premier League IPL 2020 in Dubai on Thursday.
Put in to bat KXIP were off to a brisk start. The openers – Mayank Agarwal and KL Rahul – played some delightful shots against the RCB pacers – Umesh Yadav Dale Steyn and Navdeep Saini helping their side to move past fifty in the final over of the powerplay.
However Yuzvendra Chahal’s introduction into the attack gave RCB their first breakthrough as the leg-spinner broke through Mayank’s defence with a googly and hit the woodwork.
Nicholas Pooran joined Rahul in the middle and he and Rahul played out a couple of quiet overs before going after Umesh in the 10th over. The over yielded 20 runs with Rahul hitting a four and a six off a free-hit delivery and Pooran hitting a four.
Rahul then brought up his fifty and KXIP crossed the 100-run mark in the 12th over with nine wickets in hand. The 13th over of the game went for 14 runs.
Shivam Dube then struck twice in the space of his two overs. First he broke the Pooran-Rahul stand dismissing the left-hander and in his next over - 16th of KXIP innings - he got Glenn Maxwell out.
Rahul got two reprieves in the space of two overs and he made RCB pay for those missed chances as KXIP scored 49 runs in the last two overs.
Rahul went after Dale Steyn in the penultimate over slamming 26 runs with the help of 3 sixes and 2 fours and in that course brought up this IPL season’s first hundred and his second IPL ton overall.
Dube who had a good night with the ball till then was handed the responsibility to ball the final over of the innings.
After Karun Nair scored seven runs of the first three deliveries Rahul closed out the innings in style – hitting 4 6 6 as KXIP marched past 200 with their skipper slamming an unbeaten 132 off 69 balls with the help of 7 sixes and 14 fours. The score which is now the highest for Indian batsman in the IPL.
KXIP came out all guns blazing as Sheldon Cottrell and Mohammad Shami picked up three wickets including that of Kohli.
In the first over of the RCB’s chase Cottrell got Devdutt Padikkal out before Shami trapped Josh Philippe before the wickets. The West Indian pacer then got the huge wicket of Kohli as Ravi Bishnoi held on to a catch at mid-on.
While there were some big hits from AB de Villiers as he and Aaron Finch put up a 49-run stand the two perished in quick succession. First young Bishnoi disturbed the timber to cut short Finch’s stay in the middle and then Murugan Ashwin got the wicket of de Villiers as Sarfaraz Khan held on to a catch in the deep.
Dube was the next man to get out before Bishnoi scalped his second wicket dismissing Umesh added one more to his account dismissing Washington Sundar in his final over for 30.
Murugan Ashwin then picked up the last two wickets as KXIP bowled out RCB for 109 to seal a win.
Brief Scores Kings XI Punjab 206/3 KL Rahul 132* Mayank Agarwal 26 Yuzvendra Chahal 1/25 beat Royal Challengers Bangalore 109 all out Washington Sundar 30 AB de Villiers 28 Murugan Ashwin 3/21 by 97 runs

Date 23 Sep 2020

DREAM11 IPL 2020 MATCH 5 KKR VS MI – MATCH REPORT


Rohit Sharma led from the front as Mumbai Indians MI beat Kolkata Knight Riders KKR by 49 runs and secured their first win of the Dream11 Indian Premier League IPL 2020 in Abu Dhabi on Wednesday.
After KKR won the toss and elected to field in their first game of the season Shivam Mavi struck early to dismiss Quinton de Kock in the second over.
But MI skipper Rohit and Suryakumar Yadav counterattacked and cashed in on every scoring opportunity. While Suryakumar hit 4 fours in the 3rd over of the innings Rohit went after Pat Cummins in the fifth over hitting him for two sixes.
Rohit and Suryakumar completed the fifty-run partnership and team’s fifty in the final over of the powerplay. Rohit then hit a four and a six taking on Andre Russell in his first over.
Suryakumar then welcomed Kuldeep Yadav into the attack with a six in his first over as MI moved past 80-run mark at the close of 8 overs.
MI were in a touching distance to complete a hundred but before that they lost Suryakumar for 47 after the right-hander was run-out while completing two runs. Rohit then brought up his 37th IPL fifty in the IPL before MI moved past hundred in the 12th over. 
In the 14th over – Kuldeep’s last of the night – Rohit hit two mighty sixes to complete his 200 sixes in the IPL. Rohit and Saurabh Tiwary meanwhile put up a 49-run stand with the left-hander scoring 21 in 13 balls before getting out off Sunil Narine’s bowling.
MI brought up their 150 in the 17th over before Hardik Pandya opened his shoulders hitting Cummins for two fours and a six.
Rohit then got out in the 18th over after scoring 80 off 54 balls hitting 3 fours and 6 sixes as Mavi picked up his second wicket of the match. KKR got a lucky breakthrough in the 19th over as Hardik got out hit-wicket off Russell’s bowling. MI scored 13 runs in the final over to take their run-tally to 195/5.
Needing 196 runs to win KKR lost their first wicket in the third over of the chase as Trent Boult dismissed Shubman Gill. While KKR skipper Dinesh Karthik hit a couple of crisp fours MI got their second wicket as de Kock held onto a fine flying catch off James Pattinson’s bowling to get Narine out in the fifth over.
Nitish Rana replaced Narine in the middle and hardly wasted any time to make his intentions clear hitting his third ball for a six over long-off as KKR ended the powerplay at 33/2.
KKR then scored 13 off the eighth over as Karthik and Rana hit a four each to push their side past fifty. KKR lost their third wicket in the 11th over as Rahul Chahar trapped Karthik before the wickets for 30.
In the next over Hardik displayed a piece of fielding brilliance. After Rana went aerial off Pollard’s bowling Hardik manning the sweeper cover area ran towards his left held on to a fine catch kept his composure and balance to not touch the rope and gave MI their fourth wicket.
Morgan was then joined by Russell as KKR who reached the three-figure mark in the 15th over were in need to go big to win the game.
But Bumrah dismissed both the batsmen in the 16th over. First he disturbed the timber to end Russell’s stay in the middle and then had Morgan caught behind the wickets for 16. Boult then picked up his second wicket as Nikhil Naik got out for 1.
Cummins then put up some show with the bat scoring 33 off 12 balls hitting Bumrah for three sixes in the 18th over. But he was dismissed in the penultimate over by James Pattinson. Chahar on the final ball of the match had Mavi stumped as MI sealed a win.
Brief Scores Mumbai Indians 195/5 Rohit Sharma 80 Suryakumar Yadav 47 Shivam Mavi 2/32 beat Kolkata Knight Riders 146/9 Dinesh Karthik 30 Nitish Rana 24 James Pattinson 2/25 by 49 runs

Date 22 Sep 2020

DREAM11 IPL 2020 MATCH 4 RR VS CSK – MATCH REPORT


Sanju Samson starred with the bat while Rahul Tewatia picked up three wickets as Rajasthan Royals began their Dream11 Indian Premier League IPL 2020 campaign with a 16-run win over Chennai Super Kings CSK in Sharjah on Tuesday.
Put in to bat RR lost their first wicket early as Deepak Chahar did well to hold onto a catch on to his ball running past the batsman’s end to dismiss debutant Yashasvi Jaiswal.
Out came Sanju Samson to join skipper Steve Smith in the middle and since his arrival the runs just flew. First it was Sam Curran who went for a four and six in the fifth over. Then Sanju Samson hit Chahar for a six in the final over of the powerplay as RR moved past fifty.
CSK brought Ravindra Jadeja into the attack and Samson hit two more sixes. RR cranked it up even further in the eighth over as Samson who brought up his fifty in 19 deliveries hit three sixes and Smith hit one to score 28 off Piyush Chawla’s first over.
RR brought up their hundred in the ninth over before once again targeting Chawla in the next over scoring 19 runs to zoom towards 119 at the end of 10 overs. RR scored 10 more runs in the next over.
Lungi Ngidi bowling the 12th over provided CSK the much-needed breakthrough as Samson following his 32-ball 74-run extravaganza was caught in the deep by Chahar. In the same over RR lost one more wicket as David Miller on his RR debut was run-out without facing a delivery.
Smith meanwhile completed his fifty and got a reprieve in the 12thth and 14th overs respectively.
Chawla then scalped his first wicket as Robin Uthappa got out in the 15th over courtesy a fine catch at long-off from Faf du Plessis. Sam Curran then bowled a two-wicket over to dismiss Rahul Tewatia and Riyan Parag in the 17th over before getting Smith out in the penultimate over.
While CSK were looking to restrict RR below 200 Jofra Archer who scored 27* off 8 balls hit 4 sixes in the final over to take his side to 216/7.
Needing 217 runs to win CSK needed a brisk opening stand and Murali Vijay and Shane Watson despite being watchful in a few overs in the powerplay provided CSK with one taking the team past fifty in the first six overs.
However Tewatia broke the partnership as Watson got out in the seventh over after scoring 33 runs. Shreyas Gopal then struck in the next over as Vijay perished for 21.
While Sam Curran who was promoted to score some quick runs zoomed to 17 after 5 balls Tewatia struck twice in the ninth over to dismiss Sam Curran and debutant Ruturaj Gaikwad.
Kedar Jadhav hit three fours in an over as CSK crossed the 100-run mark in the 12th over. But Jadhav got out in the 14th over as Sanju Samson continued his fine night on the cricket field holding onto a stunning one-handed catch off Tom Curran’s bowling.
CSK needed to go big and Faf du Plessis cut loose hitting 3 sixes off Jaydev Unadkat’s 4th over and brought up his fifty while pushing CSK close to 160 at the end of the 17th over.
Faf hit two more sixes but got out for 72 off Archer’s sharp bouncer in the penultimate over of the match. MS Dhoni then hit three mighty sixes in the final over to push CSK towards 200 but it was RR who ended up on the winning side.
Brief Scores Rajasthan Royals 216/7 Sanju Samson 74 Steve Smith 69 Sam Curran 3/33 beat Chennai Super Kings 200/6 Faf du Plessis 72 Shane Watson 33 Rahul Tewatia 3/37 by 16 runs

Date 21 Sep 2020

DREAM11 IPL 2020 MATCH 3 SRH VS RCB – MATCH REPORT


Royal Challengers Bangalore RCB beat Sunrisers Hyderabad SRH by 10 runs in Dubai to kick off their Dream11 Indian Premier League IPL 2020 campaign with a win on Monday.
Put in to bat RCB were off to a flying start. Devdutt Padikkal making his IPL debut hit two fours in the second over and followed it up with three more in the fourth over. SRH were then dealt with an injury blow as Mitchell Marsh had to leave the field after bowling just four deliveries.
RCB then brought up their fifty in the final over of the powerplay before SRH bowled three tight overs conceding just 15 overs. However Aaron Finch hit a six and a four off Rashid Khan’s first over to push RCB to 75 at the end of the 9th over.
But SRH dismissed both the RCB openers on consecutive deliveries. First Vijay Shankar disturbed the timber to end Devdutt Padikkal’s innings and then Abhishek Sharma trapped Finch before the wickets.
Virat Kohli and AB de Villiers then added 43 runs together before T Natarajan struck in the 16th over to get the RCB skipper out for 14.
ABD though then cut loose to bring up his fifty and pushed RCB total past 160 before being run-out for 51 in the final over of the RCB innings.
Defending 163 RCB struck early courtesy a stroke of luck as Umesh Yadav on his own bowling managed to deflect Jonny Bairstow’s shot onto the stumps to cut short David Warner’s stay in the middle.
Manish Pandey joined Bairstow in the middle and the pair added 71 runs from 62 deliveries before Yuzvendra Chahal dismissed Pandey for 33.
While Bairstow had a couple of reprieves to his credit he made the most of it bringing up his fifty in the 14th over as SRH moved closer to 110.
At that stage RCB needed a couple of quick wickets and they got what they were looking for.
With SRH needing 43 runs off 29 balls Chahal struck twice. First he got the better of well-set Bairstow and on the next delivery broke through Vijay Shankar’s defence to pick his third wicket.
There was another two-wicket over as SRH lost Priyam Garg who failed to time his scoop shot and dragged a Shivam Dube delivery onto the stumps. In the same over a mid-pitch collision with Rashid Khan saw Abhishek Sharma lose his wicket.
Navndeep Saini then disturbed the timber twice as SRH lost Bhuvneshwar Kumar and Rashid in the 18th over.
While Marsh walked out to bat despite injury Dube got him out on the first ball before Dale Steyn sealed the RCB’s win dismissing Sandeep Sharma in the final.
Brief Scores Royal Challengers Bangalore 163/5 Devdutt Padikkal 56 AB de Villiers 51 Abhishek Sharma 1/16 beat Sunrisers Hyderabad153 all outJonny Bairstow 61 Manish Pandey 34 Yuzvendra Chahal 3/18 by 10 runs

Date 20 Sep 2020

Dream11 IPL 2020 Match 2 DC vs KXIP – Match Report


Super Sunday. Super Over. Super Finish.
One game that’s what all it took for the first Super Over-finish in the Dream11 Indian Premier League IPL 2020 and it was Delhi Capitals who came out on top beating Kings XI Punjab at the Dubai International Cricket Stadium on Sunday.
Needing 158 runs to win KXIP were off to a watchful start scoring 30 off 26 balls. DC then picked up 4 wickets for 5 runs. First Mohit Sharma castled Rahul for 21.
R Ashwin bowling the final over of the powerplay then dismissed Karun Nair and Nicholas Pooran. However Ashwin diving to save a run injured his shoulder on the final ball of the same over.
While Ashwin had to walk off from the field Kagiso Rabada got Glenn Maxwell out for 1. KXIP lost one more wicket as Sarfaraz Khan departed soon after his side crossed the fifty-run mark.
Agarwal who had opened the batting along with Rahul and K Gowtham then added 46 runs together pushing KXIP past 100. However the partnership was broken as Rabada picked his second wicket dismissing K Gowtham.
Agarwal who brought up his fifty in the 18th over with a six though kept the KXIP hopes alive. The right-hander ran hard between the wickets and cleared the ropes with utmost ease at the death.
KXIP were in need of 25 runs in the last 2 overs and Mayank almost pulled them through. However with the scores tied and KXIP required to score 1 off 2 balls Mayank after scoring 89 got out on the penultimate ball of the final over. Stoinis then dismissed Chris Jordan as Rabada held on to a catch at short square-leg to push the game into the Super Over.
Rabada who had earlier picked up two wickets in his 4-over spell then got KL Rahul and Nicholas Pooran and restricted KXIP to 2. DC who needed 3 to win the game in Super Over without losing a wicket.
Earlier KXIP struck early after electing to bowl as DC lost Shikhar Dhawan via run-out. Shimron Hetmyer on DC debut got an early reprieve off Mohammad Shami’s bowling. But the right-arm pacer did not have to wait too long to strike dismissing Hetmyer and Prithvi Shaw in his second over to reduce DC to 13/3 after 4 overs.
Skipper Shreyas Iyer and Rishabh Pant then started rebuilding the innings. The two completed the 50-run partnership in the 12th over before Iyer hit K Gowtham for two sixes in the 13th over to take DC close to 80.
However the partnership was broken courtesy debutant Ravi Bishnoi’s maiden IPL wicket as he dismissed Pant for 31. Shami who had bowled three overs in the powerplay then returned into the attack and picked up his third wicket as Iyer perished for 39.
Axar Patel was the next man to get out after Sheldon Cottrell another IPL debutant had the DC all-rounder caught behind the wickets. The left-arm pacer added one more wicket to his tally on the final ball of the spell dismissing R Ashwin.
DC needed something special and Marcus Stoinis delivered and how. The Australian all-rounder went for an all-out attack hammering 53 off 21 balls with the help of 7 fours and 3 sixes.
Stoinis was eventually run-out in the final over but not before he hit 2 fours and as many sixes to take his team to 157/8.
Brief Scores Delhi Capitals 157/8 Marcus Stoinis 53 Shreyas Iyer 39 Mohammad Shami 3/15 tied Kings XI Punjab 157/8 Mayank Agarwal 89 KL Rahul 21 Kagiso Rabada 2/28
In Super OverDelhi Capitals 3/0 beat Kings XI Punjab 2/2

Date 19 Sep 2020

Dream11 IPL 2020 Match 1 MI vs CSK – Match Report


Chennai Super Kings kicked off their Dream11 Indian Premier League IPL 2020 campaign with a five-wicket win against Mumbai Indians MI on Saturday in Abu Dhabi.
While Ambati Rayudu starred with the bat Lungi Ngidi scalped three wickets. Faf du Plessis meanwhile shone with the bat and in the field and Sam Curran played a cameo in what was MS Dhoni’s 100th IPL win as a CSK captain.
At the Sheikh Zayed Stadium MI made an impressive start after put in to bat. Rohit Sharma and Quinton de Kock did not waste any time to hit the ground running. The MI openers hit a four each in the first over bowled by Deepak Chahar.
The MI wicketkeeper-batsman continued to score at a brisk pace to power his team to 45/0 at the end of four overs.
But CSK managed to pull things back in the space of two runs as Piyush Chawala and Curran dismissed Rohit and de Kock respectively in the last two overs of the powerplay.
Saurabh Tiwary and Suryakumar Yadav then added 44 runs together before Chahar got the MI right-hander out in the 11th over.
Hardik Pandya was the next man to walk out in the middle and he announced his intentions straightway hitting Ravindra Jadeja for two sixes in the 12th over. MI were 121/3 at the end of the 14th over with Tiwary and Hardik batting on 42 and 13 respectively.
Then unfolded the du Plessis fielding masterclass and it helped CSK fetch two wickets in the 15th over. His stunning work near the boundary rope first ended Tiwary’s 42-run stay in the middle and then cut short Hardik’s innings.
CSK continued to chip away as Ngidi picked up three wickets – Krunal Pandya Kieron Pollard and James Pattinson – in the space of two overs. Chahar meanwhile added one more wicket to his tally as CSK managed to limit MI to 162/9.
In the chase CSK lost two early wickets as Trent Boult and Pattinson – two new entrants in the MI unit – dismissed Shane Watson and Murali Vijay in the first two overs.
CSK needed a big partnership to stable the innings and Rayudu and du Plessis did exactly that denying MI any immediate success.
While the two were initially watchful in their approach neither missed out on the scoring opportunities to keep the scorecard ticking. Rayudu then brought up his fifty – first half-century of the season – in the 12th over before CSK crossed the 100-run mark.
The duo of Rayudu and du Plessis’ 115-run stand was eventually broken when Rahul Chahar held on to a fine catch – running backwards on his own bowling – to end Rayudu’s fine 48-ball 71-run knock.
While Jadeja hit a couple of fours Krunal trapped the left-hander before the wickets with CSK needing 29 runs off 17 balls. Curran who joined du Plessis in the middle brought down the equation to 16 off 12 balls hitting a six and a four off Krunal.
Curran then hit Jasprit Bumrah for a six before getting out following his 6-ball 18-run cameo. du Plessis who notched up a fifty then sealed CSK’s win with a four.
Brief Scores Chennai Super Kings 166/5 Ambati Rayudu 71 Faf du Plessis 58* Trent Boult 1/23 beat Mumbai Indians 162/9 Saurabh Tiwary 42 Quinton de Kock 33 Lungi Ngidi 3/38 by five wickets

